--- CHUNK 0 ---
A - bl
20°" A NINIVERSA RYeEDIALON
ey Ww
TABLE OF CONTENTS :
BOOK ONE - THE RIDDLE *
Introduction 5 }
Chapter One: A World of Darkness : 13 7
Chapter Two: Sects and Clans 37 ’ ,
BOOK TWO - THE BECOMING ~ 3
Chapter Three: Character and Traits 17 )
Chapter Four: Disciplines 127. 4
Chapter Five: Rules 745 ~
Chapter Six: Systems and Drama ’ 257 at
Chapter Seven: Morality : "309. ad
™ P J was afl
- BOOK THREE - THE PERMUTATIONS ; at
: Chapter Eight: Storytelling oe BR 34555 oS ;
Chapter Nine: The Others - 369 Sa
Chapter Ten: Bloodlines a (393 ha
Appendix a ' » 479
: i ‘
. - t A LP
rs 7 Gan PNR. oO Ne NS Ce FE ae SN » a at FF
3 We vba & ge WE Te A ao) n We on & atte NY . % 4 ¥. aa) f WW cia & pes Cy Cin tT
NN aa... aS _ :
og brea oe Ftp Ms ‘4 he. < ai Ba ae gs ty mtx i -. . vy Bey
|| 8e gee vee |\.
is f Fe Jai a ’ < - — @ : ; as ¢
“oP BS eae hy ~~ 2 : Y oll
a) so Introduction ,
. ¥
“No one holds command over me. No man. No god. No Prince. What is a claim of age
for ones who are immortal? What is a claim of power for ones who deny death? Call your
damnable hunt. We shall see who I drag screaming to hell with me.”
- Ginter Dérn, Das Ungeheuer Darin
Let’s face it: If you’re reading this book, you almost the game, constantly connecting the dots between
certainly have a history with Vampire, and with White real-world events and the intricate undead conspiracy.
Wolfs Storyteller games in general. We’re not going to This edition aims to tap into what made us fall in love
spend word count on “What is roleplaying?” or other with Vampire in the first place. Whether your fondest
elementary principles of the hobby — this is stuff you memories of the game are a day or a decade old, we
already know, and if you don’t, there are tons of web- want to take you back to the time when the shadows
sites where you can get that information. Instead, we’re loomed long and the vast potential of the terrifying,
going to spend more space in Vampire: The Masquer- thrilling world of the Kindred first beckoned. We won’t
ade — 20" Anniversary Edition on all of the stuff that’s be chasing metaplot through a library of supplements
usable to you — all of the rules and setting that form or advancing any storylines. We want the pure, undi-
the core of the Vampire experience, plus expanded luted essence of Vampire.
Disciplines, scores of bloodlines (past and present), A Zeitgeist: Vampire exploded into hobby games in
tweaked rules based on feedback from the Vampire 1991, and it very much evinced the gothic and punk
community, and bits and pieces from here and there subcultures from which it drew, with their own roots
that should prove useful. Sure, we'll go over the central fom the late 1970s through the mid-1990s. Remember
concepts of Vampire, but after that, we're going to be the classic archetypes and breathe new life into them:
in high gear. skinheads, goths, street preachers, metalheads, punks,
wild-eyed poets, gangsters, urban primitives, dapper
e mods, eerie pagans, and every icon who made for a
What This Book Is memorable character in this snapshot of time.
A Classic Experience: Call to mind the first time you A World of Darkness: Vampire evoked at once an
ticked wa Wemnite, wlnon yon fee basame imuacrce urban alienation and neo-mystic sense of belonging. It
in the World of Darkness. A quick poll around the of- ‘8 high society and the low life. It was angst and eee
Ree honed haumoncontecouldisconithink ine banca wosity and sketchy drugs and a dangerous flirtation
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 5
with a femme fatale who dragged you into a Damned e e
immortality of blasphemous power... and the urges of Live-Action
the implacable Beast. Gargoyles and gothic architec-
ian Boyes ane & Although Vampire started off as a game that takes
ture. Soaring skyscrapers and dilapidated tenements.
rer : place around a tabletop, over the past twenty years a
Cops and junkies. Corrupt senators and seductive bo- - ey : - ;
; ; massive and thriving community of live-

--- CHUNK 1 ---
action role-
hemian artistes. Razorblades and torn fishnets. Leather ; . ;
, : play (or “LARP”) has taken the game in whole new
jackets, a broken rosary, and a stolen revolver with the ''*” \! a
‘ . ar directions. Many such troupes use our Mind’s Eye
serial number filed off. Herein are the horrifying, Byz- : so
ji : P . Theatre rules for their games or a variation of these
antine, lurid backdrops against which all of the dramas
: , : ._ tabletop rules, but there are plenty of others that use
of the Kindred play out, and we’re going to revel in : ° . ;
4 custom rules while keeping the Vampire setting to
their decadent opulence and trenchant squalor. : ; ;
; : : create their own modern gothic chronicles. There
A Thank You: This year Is the 20th anniversary of are even organizations like The Camarilla and One
Vampire, and we certainly wouldn’t be here without worid By Night that connect troupes in different cit-
in panies a ee eae ee eer ies into massive chronicles covering the entire globe.
Other LARP games have come and gone, each with
ie renee loin nea oe er a their own communities, but the appeal of dressing up
. » as one of the Kindred and acting out the machinations
telling stories, and remembering why we became friends 6f the undead has been consistent throughout most of
in the first place. Tell us about your character. Vampire’s history. In fact, if you’re reading this, odds
are good that even if you haven’t played in a Vam-
z SS z pire LARP, you’ve likely heard of them. Why has the
appeal of dressing up and pretending to be a vampire
Oh Yeah, The Metric System lasted so long?
The aealliay ts cher mexeelf ws wine thane Many other LARPs involving imagining a fantasy
A : world, a historical setting, or a place set in the far fu-
worked on Vampire are Americans, and we / . ,
. ture. These games are fun in their own right, but they
write what we know. But we have a lot of very ; : :
; f : require more costuming and props to communicate the
passionate European fans. Time and again , t h h
through the process of writing Vampire: The setting to everyone and, get them on, the sameqpae
ey A we Because World of Darkness games take place in our
Masquerade — 20‘ Anniversary Edition, we ;
« p modern world, today, there’s less of a leap needed to
were asked “Can you please stop using your ood
saupeiél Innate gustemn aml put erennlhnns: get everyone imagining what’s going on. It also means
Feoneintel a lower barrier to entry. A fresh player can show up in
a T-shirt and jeans and play a young, rebellious Bru-
Well, we did both. Where there’s an Impe- jah without breaking the flow for the other players. He
rial measurement, we tried to put the metric can look up something on his phone or talk about re-
equivalent nearby, so it’s one less thing you cent news while remaining in character. It’s easier to
have to worry about when you're in the integrate our world into the World of Darkness, which
ia pee a of ee makes it easier to jump in and start playing.
“4 ive Dek a bgp Ae \ sonee et On the other hand, dressing up in an elaborate cos-
‘ gry ta 8 . j ae ical a tume is lots of fun, and vampires can do that just as
Bate Caines Ks Re i = ee ey well. That Brujah in the T-shirt can argue politics with
pees PRR TET dane Rem a Ventrue ina frock coat, while they are overheard by a
aren’t exact, and they aren’t meant to be; like .
cee eS il heel Nosferatu dressed in an elaborate cloak and mask, and
ot i 4 est ame a ee, cA tou it all makes sense. The clash of styles and history reso-
ae ae Me eO ECTS TOO re) Un StOLy) nates with the ancient-but-modern culture of vampires
SPS as a whole, instead of detracting from it. And the blend
Seo doesn’t even have to be historical — vampires from
a wide variety of cultures and languages can plot and
scheme against each other with equal aplomb.
6 INTRODUCTION
a
== a — —
= — _—\
= =
=
Finally, the eternal political tension in Vampire understands exactly what you’re doing. Even though
means that there’s always some

--- CHUNK 2 ---
one to piss off, and the concept of a live-action game is a lot more main-
there’s always someone else that can capitalize from stream now than it was when Vampire started, a game
that. Many LARPs are either full-on open warfare be- can look suspicious, disturbing, or even frightening to
tween the players or completely team-oriented against those who aren’t aware of what’s going on. Always be
outside forces, but Vampire creates a constant churn _ polite to people outside the game.
of loyalties, an ever-shifting web of intrigue and favor ¢ Know When to Stop: If the Storyteller calls for
that encourages conflict without constantly breaking 4 time-out or other break in the action, stop imme-
out into bloodshed. Tonight's social outcast might be diately. The Storyteller is still the final arbiter of all
tomorrow night’s Prince, which means that players al- gyents in the game. Likewise, when the game is over
ways have someone new to talk to, and someone else f+ the night, use it as a good opportunity to take out
new to snub. your fangs and have dinner and drinks with the other
layers to swap war stories (and maybe engage in a lit-
Safeguards Pray ‘P ( ype engag
> y ; ; ; tle braggadocio).
Despite the wide variety of live-action games out ; ; a /
there, there are some rules common between them to ° It’s Only a Game: Live-action is for having fun. a
ensure that live-action is safe and enjoyable for all par- rival wins, if a character dies, if a plan goes awry, it’s
ticipants and bystanders. not the end of the world. Sometimes folks like to get
. 4. together outside the game and talk about it, and there’s
¢ No Touching: All combat and physical interac- : ; :
te nothing wrong with that. But calling your clanmate up
tion is generally handled through the rules. Players j ; : ;
: ; at four in the morning to ask for her assistance in your
must never strike, grapple, or otherwise touch anyone , vy : :
1 Primogen bid is taking things too far. Remember, ev-
during the game — some games allow some consensual tes :
_ = eryone’s doing this to have fun.
touching in specific instances, but you can never go : ; : ‘
wrong by not touching in the first place. It is the Sto- Live-action can be one of the richest and most satis-
ryteller’s responsibility to call a time-out if one or more fying storytelling experiences, if handled maturely and
players get overly rambunctious. responsibly. Many of us have been playing it for years,
. and have made a lot of life-long friends through playing
© No Weapons: Props such as hats, period dress, and |
. : - ; undead bastards out to screw each other over. Here’s to
canes are great in a live-action game. Weapons aren’t. ;
: : twenty more years of costumes, dental adhesive, and
No knives, no swords, and nothing that even remotely i \
: political overthrows!
resembles a firearm should be carried — law enforce-
ment generally doesn’t take “but we were playing a
game” as a good excuse. Even bringing fake swords, What is a Vam ire?
squirt guns, or foam-rubber weapons can lead to confu- p e
a and panicked phone calls an ay a I Your In Vampire, players assume the personas of vampires
iS ic, must tou ae i pare any A care and — the immortal bloodsuckers of the horror genre —
i ‘na Of WOE — ee hate voles ho and guide these characters through a world virtually
se i ce Present t — to the otoryteller, WNO identical to our own. But these aren’t quite the vam-
wumadjucicate its use in play. pires you might know from Dracula or Twilight. The
¢ Play in a Designated Area: Live-action is meant vampires that exist now — or Kindred, or Cainites,
to be played in a home or other pre-designated spot. as they commonly call themselves — are both similar
Don’t involve bystanders in the game, and make sure to and different from what we might expect. In many
everyone in the area, or who passes through the area, ways, vampires resemble the familiar monsters of myth,
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 7
cinema, folklore, and fiction.

--- CHUNK 3 ---
 However — as many an Blood is all-important to the Kindred, for it is both
intrepid vampire-hunter has learned to his sorrow —_ the crux of their existence and the seat of their pow-
not all of the stories about vampires are true. er. Mortal food, mortal air, mortal love — all of these

° Vampires are immortal. True. While they can be things are meaningless to a vampire. Blood is the Kin-
killed (a very difficult process), they do not age or die dred’s only passion, and without it, they will quickly
from natural causes. They don’t need food such as hu- wither and fall dormant. Moreover, each vampire can
mans eat, and they don’t need to breathe. use its stolen blood to perform amazing feats of healing,

j strength, and other supernatural abilities.

e Vampires are living dead and must sustain them- e } P 7s
selves with the blood of the living. True. A vampire ° Anyone who dies from a vampire's bite rises to
is clinically dead — its heart doesn’t beat, it doesn’t become a vampire. False. If this were true, the world
breathe, its skin is cold, it doesn’t age — and yet it would be overrun with vampires (and not just in our
thinks, and walks, and plans, and speaks... and hunts media). Vampires do feed on human blood, and they
and kills. To sustain its artificial immortality, the vam- do sometimes kill their prey but most humans who
pire must periodically consume blood, preferably hu- die from a vampire’s attack simply perish. To return as
man blood. Some penitent vampires eke out an exis- undead, the victim must be drained of blood and sub-
tence from animal blood, and some ancient vampires sequently be fed a bit of the attacking vampire’s blood.
must hunt and kill others of their kind to nourish his process, called the Embrace, causes the mystical
themselves, but most vampires consume the blood of transformation from human to undead.
humanity. Our blood. ¢ Vampires are monsters — demonic spirits em-

Vampires drain their prey of blood through the use bodied in corpses. False... and true. Vampires aremog
of retractable fangs, which Cainites develop as soon as demons per se, but a combination of tragic factors draws
they first become undead. Each vampire can also mys- them inexorably toward wicked deeds. In the begin-
tically lick closed the wounds made by their fangs, thus 8 the newly-created vampire thinks and acts much
concealing the evidence of their feeding. as she did while living. She doesn’t immediately turn

o =
. oa $ a =
> =~ =
“4.5 . .e
‘ - = 4 »
be
2 q
* 4 E. ‘
a. i —— 7
ss : = n “ft %
12 * =
aren
we
8 INTRODUCTION
into an evil, sadistic monster. However, the vampire Disciplines. Elders’ powers can often rival those of the
soon discovers her overpowering hunger for blood, and _ fictional Lestat or Dracula, and the true ancients —
realizes that her existence depends on feeding on hu- the Methuselahs and Antediluvians who have stalked
manity. In many ways, the vampire’s mindset changes _ the nights for thousands of years — often possess liter-
— she adopts a set of attitudes less suited toa commu- _ ally godlike power.
nal omnivore and more befitting a solitary predator. * Vampires have sex. True. It’s a great way to feed,

At first reluctant to kill, the vampire is finally forced — but carnal pleasures don’t mean as much to the Kin-
into murder by circumstance or need — and killing be- dred. Feeding, which vampires call “the Kiss,” is an
comes easier as the years pass. Realizing that she herself incredibly intoxicating and erotic experience for Cain-
is untrustworthy, she ceases to trust others. Realizing ites and their victims. Sex is great, but nothing truly
that she is different, she walls herself away from the — replaces the ecstasy of feeding for a vampire.
mortal world. Realizing that her existence depends on
secrecy and control, she becomes a manipulator. And The Embrace
things only degenerate as the years turn to decades and Vampires are created through a process called the
then centuries, and the vampire kills 

--- CHUNK 4 ---
over and over, Embrace. Some vampire Clans Embrace more casually
watching the people she loved age and die. Human life, than others, but the Embrace is almost never given
so short and cheap in comparison to hers, becomes of _ lightly. After all, any new vampire is a potential com-
less and less value, until the mortal “herd” around her petitor for food and power. A potential childe is often
means no more to her than a swarm of annoying in- Stalked for weeks or even years by a watchful sire, who
sects. Vampire elders are among the most jaded, unfeel- greedily evaluates whether the mortal would indeed
ing, and paranoid — in short, monstrous — beings the make a good addition to the society of the Kindred.
world has ever known. Maybe they are not demons ex- The Embrace is similar to normal vampiric feeding as
actly — but at that point, who can tell the difference? the vampire drains her chosen prey of blood. However,

¢ Vampires are burned by sunlight. True. Vampires upon complete exsanguination, the vampire returns a
must avoid the sun or die, though a few can bear sun- bit of her own immortal blood to the drained mortal.
light’s touch for more than a very short period of time. Only a tiny bit — a drop or two — is necessary to turn
Vampires are nocturnal creatures, and most find it ex- the mortal into a new vampire. This process can even
tremely difficult to remain awake during the day, even _ be performed on a dead human, provided the body is
within sheltered areas. still warm.

¢ Vampires are repulsed by garlic and running wa- Once the blood is returned, the mortal “awakens” and
ter. False. These are myths, and only a very small frac- begins drinking of his own accord. But, though animate,
tion of vampires are even inconvenienced by them. the mortal is still dead; his heart does not beat, nor does

* Vampires are repulsed by crosses and other holy he breathe. Over the next week or two, the mortal’s
symbols. This is generally false. However, if the wielder body undergoes a penies of subtle transformations; he
of the symbol has great faith in the power it represents, learns to use the Blood in his body, and he is taught the
a vampire may suffer ill effects from the brandishing of special powers of his Clan. He is now a vampire.
the symbol. The Hunt

¢ Vampires die from a stake through the heart. When all is said and done, the most fundamental
False. However, a wooden stake — or arrow, crossbow — difference between humans and vampires lies in their
bolt, etc. — through the heart will paralyze the mon- methods of sustenance. Vampires may not subsist on
ster until it is removed. mortal food; instead, they must maintain their eternal

¢ Vampires have the strength of 10 men; they can _ lives through the consumption of blood — fresh hu-
command wolves and bats; they can hypnotize the man blood.
living and heal even the most grievous wounds. True Vampires acquire their sustenance in many fashions.
and false. The power of a vampire increases with age. Some cultivate “herds” of willing mortals, who cher-
Young, newly created vampires are often just a little ish the ecstasy of the vampire’s Kiss. Some creep into
more powerful than humans. But as a vampire grows in houses by night, feeding from sleeping humans. Some
age and understanding, she learns to use her blood to _ stalk the mortals’ playgrounds — the nightclubs, bars,
evoke secret supernatural powers, which vampires call and theaters — enticing mortals into illicit liaisons

VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 9
and disguising their predation as acts of passion. And
yet others take their nourishment in the most ancient
fashion — stalking, attacking, and incapacitating (or
even killing) mortals who wander too far into lonely
nocturnal alleys and empty lots.
The Nocturnal World of the Vampire
Vampires value power for its own sake and for the
security it brings, and they find it ridiculously easy to
acquire mundane goods, riches, and influence. A mes-
merizing glance anda fe

--- CHUNK 5 ---
w words provide a cunning vam-
. pire with access to all the wealth, power, and servants
, he could desire. Some powerful vampires are capable
Aly " Nf es of implanting posthypnotic suggestions or commands
Pa A Re 7 in mortals’ minds, then causing the mortals to forget
oe, <q ‘e the vampire’s presence. In this way, vampires can eas-
ily acquire legions of unwitting slaves. More than a few
“public servants” and corporate barons secretly answer
to vampire masters.
Though there are exceptions, vampires tend to re-
’ main close to the cities. The city provides countless
opportunities for predation, liaisons, and politicking —
b and the wilderness often proves dangerous. The wilds
are the home of the Lupines, the werewolves, who are
the Kindred’s ancestral enemies and desire nothing
more than to destroy vampires outright.
} The Jyhad
Some vampires seek to have nothing to do with their
kind, choosing instead to exist and hunt in solitude.
og However, the civilization of the undead is a manipu-
~~ lative and poisonous dance, and few vampires are left
rs P entirely untouched. Since the nights of antiquity,
Cainites have struggled for supremacy, in an ancient
and many-layered struggle known as the Jyhad. Lead-
’ ers, cultures, nations, and armies have all been pawns
in the secret war, and vampiric conspiracies have in-
fluenced much (though by no means all) of human
history. Few things are as they seem in the vampires’
. nocturnal world: A political coup, economic crash, or
social trend may be merely the surface manifestation
of a centuries-old struggle. Vampire elders command
from the shadows, manipulating mortals and other
vampires alike — and the elders are often manipulated
in turn. Indeed, most combatants may not even realize
for whom they fight, or why.
PF. Reputedly begun millennia ago, the Jyhad rages even
today. Though skyscrapers take the place of castles,
aaa | machine-guns and missiles replace swords and torches,
aha and stock portfolios substitute for vaults of gold, the
game remains the same. Kindred battles Kindred, Clan
10 INTRODUCTION
battles Clan, Sect battles Sect, as they have for eons. Chapter Seven: Morality describes Humanity and
Vampiric feuds begun during the nights of Charle- the various Paths of Enlightenment that more alien
magne play themselves out on the streets of New York and inhuman vampires adhere to.
City; an insult whispered in the court of the Sun King Chapter Eight: Storytelling tells Storytellers how
may find itself answered by a corporate takeover in Sao tg build entertaining stories in which to involve the
Paolo. Pe ee cities provide cour OP- characters.
portun L ones ns ON Ne ane wat Chapter Nine: The Others gives notes on the Kin-
Increasingly, vampires speak of Gehenna— the long-  greq’s (few) friends and (many) enemies.
prophesied night of apocalypse when the most ancient . ; ; .
: : bs, ayo Chapter Ten: Bloodlines details a wide range of mi-
vampires, the mythical Antediluvians, will rise from : — f
their hidden laits to devour all the younger vampires. °° bloodlines, Clan variations, and some of the strains
This Gehenna, so the Kindred say, will presage the end of vampire thought lost to the mists of time.
of the world, as vampires and mortals alike are consumed Finally, the Appendix provides addenda and miscel-
in an inexorable tide of blood. Some vampires strive to laneous rules.
prevent Gehenna, some fatalistically await it, and still .
others consider it a myth. Those who believe in Ge- Source Material ;
henna, however, insist that the end time comes soon. Vampire not only pays homage to a long-standing
and thriving genre, but has itself inspired countless
vampire novels and movies over the past two decades.
How to Use This Book You can’t throw a rock and not hit a young adult series
or a television show featuring vampires, but below are
This book is divided into several chapters, each of a few of the most important influences on the creation
which is designed to explore and explain a 

--- CHUNK 6 ---
specific area Of Vampire.
of the game. Remember, though, that in a storytelling Inspirational literature is almost too daunting to con-
game, the most important “chapter” is your imagina- _ sider. Some of the most cited inspirations: Dracula, by
tion. Never let anything in this book be a substitute for Bram Stoker; Interview with the Vampire, The Vampire
your own creativity. Lestat, and The Queen of the Damned, by Anne Rice;
Chapter One: A World of Darkness describes the Lost Souls, by Poppy Z. Brite; Brian Lumley’s Necroscope
Kindred and the world in which they hunt. series; The Hunger, by Whitley Streiber; and I Am Leg-
Chapter Two: Sects and Clans describes the 13 end, by Ricbiard Matheson. ‘The vampire playg hs "4
« ” : the romantic poetry of Byron, Shelley, and Baudelaire,
great “Clans” of Kindred and the organizations to f
, : and the Internet has thousands of sites of old myths
which they hold allegiance. j
and legends of vampires from around the world.
Chapter Three: Character and Traits gives step- There are also a ton of vampire movies as well. Bela
by-step instructions for creating vampire characters as 4) PI . :
Ls : Lugosi’s Dracula and Murnau’s silent Nosferatu are
well as a description of the Traits that make them up. :
the granddaddies of the genre. Other good (or at least
Chapter Four: Disciplines delineates the wide vari- amusing) films include The Hunger, Near Dark, Vamp,
ety of mystical powers of the undead. The Lost Boys, Salem’s Lot, the Cristopher Lee Hammer
Chapter Five: Rules provides the basic means of re- Horror films, and the anime flick Vampire Hunter D.
solving the characters’ various actions. Coppola’s Dracula is not the best in terms of plot, but
Chapter Six: Systems and Drama describes a pleth- does have lush cinematography. And for television,
ora of ways to simulate everything from gentle seduce YOU ant go wrong with shows like Buffy the Vampire
Pe tal combat: Slayer, Angel, and True Blood.
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 11
fn Ve OE i: (SE Se NE IT 8 a OY 3 en) we ee _F
=) a ant Re ir Ug a yy We oa ie ede NY Tan 3 3's NV oie i od » a +t
ees Sores 7 aay: 2 <8 ys a ~eiler bh NE or? 4
h SSS SS SS SS SS Se Se Se SS ee ee aS SS ee ae ae eae aa ee < i
: - an ae ae : . IRA AB ee SNE Sf -aapeenennn + ~ r b
77S i eS pe 4 _ 2 - & € “f e a te Ba al
& Marra ra on om ere ua / at |)
. fe 4 & . . = =e sau © as ¢
& Aa es ee es ~— . - - y 7 '
: if . or 0
2 . " fe
K; Ny
“The Children of Seth will always hate us again and again, for we are their predators.
We are their Masters and they know this, deep in their soul.”
- The Book of Nod
The world of Vampire is a dark reflection of our own. In this setting, you will tell tales of morality and de-
The shadows loom longer here, and the night is more _ pravity, of redemption and damnation. When you play
reluctant to yield to day. Corruption runs rampant, Vampire, you enter this World of Darkness. Will you
from the government through private corporations and _ leave it a better place when your time is done? Or will
into the various subcultures that revel in these cultur- you take the path so many others have, leaving more
ally bankrupt times. blight, ruin, and sorrow as your legacy?
It is a world of contrasts, of haves versus have-nots. It
all looks very much like the real world, as seen through e
an extremely stylized filter that turns up the contrasts Gothic-Punk
between dark and light. The technology is the same] TO
as ours right now, but the people who use it are differ- The Gothic Guys of the setting INIA] much in the
Pe ciisrerin personalityland| motive seyandithat literary tradition of the word. Gothic literature paints
Binpedhownhermorldifonetions a world of anachronisms, barbarism, decay, madness,
tn thi id ; : dth h and a romanticized history that never existed. In the
n this world, vampires exist, and they are very MUCN —trramodern context of Vampire, we see it in the
an extension of the tarnished aesthetic that shapes the iydiacih ; k iy a

--- CHUNK 7 ---
l Aah F Al
a churches whose spires soar skyward, in the avarice an
World of Darkness. Whatever their origins, or what- Geamhany of dhe aaeiiyy cle cation mise conten, tin
ever they believe to be their origins, vampires are an h bli hi Fidnoat alah :
tgrowth of the people who populate this desperate WihieLL ot nen Sere
ee onment eathes exist al the World of Teas ature reclaupthe places forgotten. on aban aaa
5 men. A tenement erected at the turn of the 20th cen-
because they are the monsters among us, the products : : ;
° * tury, fronted by dingy, fluted columns and infested with
of a world so dark that only something truly horrible . hi leo /\ il ill;
d captivating can challenge the depths into which SUE dL Be oc ee ae i
iy re oa th ae hh i di aire’s estate on the edge of town is a modern castle, as
oe ogre si CCDs Ol (he wore nave, plunged Lt is his lavish penthouse in the bustling district where
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 13
mortals go to dance and drug away their cares. A mad runs in scale from the clash of cultures where domains
priest offers succor to those members of his flock tor- overlap to the desperate, personal struggle of a mother
mented by “monsters,” the ivy-choked cemetery where who can’t afford to feed her crying child or the struggle
velvet-clad sensualists recite poetry and seduce the between a junkie and his drug of choice. Rebellion is
shades of the departed, the graffiti-tagged warehouse everywhere, and just living another day to spit in the
docks where the skinheads torment their victims: All face of what the long-shadowed World of Darkness has
of these and more are hallmarks of the modern gothic _ to offer is an act of defiance. Everyone opposes some-
experience. thing, and the punk element of the setting is the dra-
Punk, on the other hand, refers to the context in atic fulfillment of that opposition.
which people experience their world. It’s about an- Ultimately, you will decide the details the Gothic-
ger, about getting in someone’s face and saying “No Punk ambience of your vampire stories. The setting
more.” It’s about refusing to be ignored and stepping may pale in importance to the narrative events of your
on some motherfucker’s toes to get your point across. chronicle, or the city and its components may become
As a result, conflict is everywhere, from the gang wars like a character themselves. Whatever the case, your
that plague the streets to the self-serving movements vampires are a product of their environment, and every
in the back rooms of governments and corporations. It scene you and your troupe describe reflects this.
Theme and Mood
Over the course of playing a Vampire chronicle, you will explore a wide variety of story situa-
tions, interesting characters, and challenges. In almost every case, these interactions will illustrate
the theme of the chronicle that the Storyteller wishes to convey, and will involve the mood of
impending reckoning. That generalization leaves room for creative interpretation, however, and
each of your stories will be the truly unique result of theme, mood, and storytelling.
Themes
Some themes are inherently part of the Vampire experience, and the Storyteller will either ex-
pand on those or introduce his own into the mix. Here are the core themes of the game, to better
illustrate the setting.
A Beast I Am, Lest a Beast I Become: Vampire lets you play the monster and makes you mor-
ally accountable for it. All of the protagonists are vampires: blood-drinking monsters who dwell
in the shadows at the edge of society and subculture. Vampires have tremendous power, but that
power comes paired with the Curse of Caine, which carries a Biblical gravity. Players have an emo-
tional stake in these characters, and when we play the game, we see their dark side and watch them
wrestle with morality. This timeless riddle implies that all vampires must fall eventually, but when
and under what circumstances? These questions are at the root of the chronicles t

--- CHUNK 8 ---
hat we play.
The Masquerade: It’s the very foundation of Vampire. Once the character is Embraced, they
are drawn behind the curtain, and everything they know is changed. The Kindred try to keep the
curtain closed, convincing their prey that monsters do not, in fact, hide among them. Inevitably,
cracks appear in the fagade and the Damned are revealed for who they are. What happens when
this occurs? For more information about the Masquerade as a concept, see p. 22.
The Sins of the Father: People rarely choose to become vampires. In most cases, a sire Embraces
them without much regard for whether or not the individual wants to commit to an unlife of pre-
dation, scheming, and horror. Likewise, the childe acquires the sire’s Clan, and thus his powers,
weaknesses, and often predilections. This is all a great allegory for the Biblical idea of Original
Sin, and deeply tied to the prevailing religious origin than many vampires attribute to the state
of vampirism. God cursed Caine for murdering Abel and, as descendants of that first vampire, all
14 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
Kindred bear the stain of that primeval sin. This accountability, decided for each Cainite by the
actions of her sire, pervades the vampire condition.

A War of Ages: Elder Kindred hate younger vampires because they fear new generations will
take away the domains they’ve fought for decades or even centuries to establish. Younger Kindred
resent their elders for the ways they selfishly lord over their domains and refuse to allow the young
to make a place for themselves. It’s like waiting for a promotion that will never come because the
person in the position above you is never going to die or retire — and you need your job to stay
alive. Kindred history is characterized by the haves versus the have-nots, most often in the form
of the elders versus the neonates. The Anarch Revolt and the subsequent Inquisition were the
apex of this struggle in history, but it plays out every night on more localized scales of Kindred
community and influences the way all vampires interact in the World of Darkness.

Inherent Conflict: Sect versus Sect. Clan versus Clan. Rebels versus the status quo. The Man
versus the Beast. Everybody’s against everybody in the World of Darkness, and there’s never
enough to go around. These conflicts color the other themes of the game, and what your sire has
made you — in terms of Kindred, Clan, Sect, and outlook — automatically buys you a panoply
of enemies.

Conspiracy: Wheels turn within wheels. The Kindred as a race are skilled manipulators and
deceivers, the better to enact their schemes while maintaining a veneer of deniability. A neonate
striking out against a hated elder might actually do so at the behest of that elder’s rival, who in-
cited the turbulent vampire with a clever ruse. Indeed, some Kindred wonder if the whole of the
Jyhad is the machination of the Antediluvians, and whether any vampire truly has free will.

Apocalypse: These are the End Times. The judgment of the Kindred, Gehenna, is coming. We
don’t know when, we don’t know how, and we don’t even know what it’ll be, but all of the grim
portents of our kind indicate that we’re careening toward our reckoning. Do we rage against the
dying of the light, or do we fiddle while our contemporary Gothic-Punk Rome burns? Are all these
elders really so vituperative over petty politics with the Biblical Rapture at the threshold? What
will happen to the mortal world when the Kindred judgment is nigh?

Mood

Vampire stories can be complex and subtle tapestries that can evoke a variety of moods in indi-
vidual chronicles. There are some, though, that are common to the World of Darkness.

Sensual: It might be a pang of desire, or it might be an undeniable physical lust, but becoming a
vampire is a sexual consummation, as is the act of feeding. We’re dead, sexy things and we’ll never
grow old, and we have a license from our maker to indulge our every erotic urge.

Mysterious: Fog and shadows 

--- CHUNK 9 ---
shroud the landscape. This is the mood of Casablanca and The
Maltese Falcon, of Hitchcock and J. J. Abrams. The imagination is aroused by the things that
remain nebulous and hidden, and even the vampires that stalk the night don’t know everything
that happens in the shadows.

Dangerous: Nonstop action, full of intensity. The World of Darkness is a dangerous place, and
death is always just around the corner. Just when you catch your breath, two guys kick in the door
with guns in their hands. The life of the vampire is filled with drama and suspense.

Eerie: There is an oppressive weight in the air, a sense of great evil that hangs over everything.
Everything has a strange, unreal quality to it. The World of Darkness is full of the bizarre, and the
vampires are not the only monsters around.

VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 15
Th Ki that vampire just performed the Embrace, well, there’s
e ndred no longer only one vampire there.
a a ee a : . y :

For the Kindred, cities are urban collections of ter- The trappings of the fledgling’s mortal life can ne
ritories and domains that stand as illuminated points longer Support er In the short term the new a
against the greater backdrop of the wilderness and the "°W Pia. ei a sustain oe ant a gee eal
places in between their safety. For vampires, the para- ON©SS a ie al eet MA ie One TONES al
digm is almost medieval. The cities are their homes, and pier Y result in rie y aa scl € tong ree ue a
everything that’s not a city represents some sort of dane New vampire wil remain Ceathless, unchanged’ by
ger. Outside the city are packs of savage Lupines, vast “MS those around her will age, wither, and die. The
fallow areas where there is no blood to be found, and ©@S!€st Course, most sites agree, Is simply to turn On
the unquantifiable strangenesses endemic to a World back on the mortal life that no longer offers anything
of Darkness. Modem technology eases those dangers bar eragedly and a reminder of the damned state of the
somewhat, but most Kindred are effectively trapped in UNCCAt:
cities, where they gild their cages with elaborate games A Beautiful Corpse
of prestige, social status, and vendetta. aw f

Ee , Once a vampire is Embraced, her looks are frozen in

To that end, much of Vampire takes place in urban time. Her skin will be unnaturally cold to the touch
environments. Why should the Kindred risk starvation and become paler as she ages, but she will look the
in the untamed wild when those badlands confer no same in a thousand years as she does on the night of
status upon their masters, and when a frenzied were- her Embrace. However, her body does not work like it
wolf may well come rampaging across the landscape, used to. As mentioned previously, nearly all Kindred
leaving dismemberment in his wake? Truly, vampires are unable to eat food after the Embrace, vomiting it
are uniquely acclimated to city domains, and the cities up almost immediately — only blood will sustain them.
are the places that hold the most of their most precious —Qver time, most of the vampire’s bodily fluids will be
resource in vitae. replaced by blood — the Kindred sweats a thin sheen

of blood when nervous, cries tears of blood when sad,
The Embrace and makes a god-awful mess during sex.

Upon the Embrace, the fledgling’s senses sharpen, Blood has other, unique uses for vampires. Besides
displaying to her a richness of visual colors, auditory needing it for sustenance, Cainites can mentally direct
distinction, tactile fineness, and olfactory alertness the blood to various parts of her body, “spending” it to
that mortals senses are too limited to discern. The most _ perform a variety of feats. She can heal herself, mend-
important of all, however is taste — taste becomes the ing scrapes, cuts, and slashes in moments. She can
new Kindred’s primary sense, and with it she engages also enhance her physical capabilities, making herself
the pursuit of a single taste to the exclusion of all oth- stronger, ha

--- CHUNK 10 ---
rdier, or more agile for a short period of
ers: vitae. Mortal blood. The mortal dies, and in her time, and fuel the mystical powers at her command.
places rises a member of the undead, a Kindred. With Her blood can also create new vampires through the
this unholy rebirth comes a host of new potential, from Embrace, and enslave the minds of mortals and even
the mystical powers known as Disciplines that Kindred other Kindred. Some vampires can also spend blood
possess to the quintessential vampiric ability to use to appear human once again: make their skin rosy and
blood for a variety of supernal purposes. warm, mimic breathing, and even allow her to have

Thereafter, nothing is the same for the fledgling. She’s SX once again (although intercourse pales in compari-
no longer mortal, but anew member of an elaborate so- 50 tO the ecstasy of the Kiss).
ciety of the Damned, who have their own complicated The Beast

, : : le be
codes of behavior, their own customs, and seemingly , ; :
: F j Of course, there’s a downside as well. Inside every
endless rules and protocols that dictate who is subservi- : : : :
; vampire lurks an impassioned, hungry creature that is
ent to whom and under what circumstances. Even for ; -
j the opposite of the Man. It is the Beast, and the Beast
those who rebel against the system — Anarchs, ungov- oe . :
: knows only three activities: kill, feast, sleep. It is the
ernable Autarkis, and any number of other rogues — a aie : .
‘ , P »,;. toiling, inchoate desire every Kindred feels to slay her
k d & y y
pecking order must exist. The only place it doesn’t is amet a 2 ae
i : , .¢ prey rather than taking just enough. It is the inevita-
when only one vampire claims the domain... and if mat
ble urge to be what the vampire is — a predator who
16 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
doesn’t answer to the will of men or hide from their powerful creatures, certainly, but those powerful crea-
numbers. When the Beast takes control over a vam- tures have put in place hierarchies of their own, and
pire, she is said to enter a state of frenzy, directing the none of them have “share my jealously hoarded power
Cainite into a response of fight or flight. with some newly Embraced whelp” at the top of their
But the Beast isn’t a simple animal soul; it can be agendas.
sophisticated. It knows that the war against the Man The elders have it all sewn up, it would seem. They
is one that, given time, it will inevitably win. Thus, claim domains that they have held for decades, if not
in young vampires, the Beast is often a savvy creature, centuries. The social hierarchies, no matter the Sect, are
willing to take small victories here and there because occupied by cagey vampires who didn’t rise to the top by
in the long term, they lead the Kindred down the path being companionable. The highest echelon of Kindred
of greater degradation and subservience to the Beast. authority in almost any city is a spider’s web of tenured
Tonight the Kindred destroys property, tomorrow she _ intrigues, vicious rivalries, and outright hatreds that can
kills with reticence, the night after that she kills with — boil over into physical violence and even Final Death.
relish. By the time the Man has eroded and the Beast Add to this the fact that these entrenched elders are
holds sway, there Is little rational Consciousness left to mnasters of manipulation and misdirection, and many
the Cainite in question. Kill, feast, sleep is all that re- young vampires feel — not incorrectly — that they are
mains in a vampire dominated entirely by her Beast. pawns. They are moved in a game played by hoary old
° monsters, and their every movement may not even be
The Aristocracy of the Dead their own. Does the brash young Brujah really hate the
The Kindred who believes he’ll forever be the tough-. Toreador ancilla who snubbed her at a party? Or did
est motherfucker in the place just because he drinks the Ventrue elder encourage his great-grandchilde to
blood and can’t die is in 

--- CHUNK 11 ---
for a rude awakening. Thou- hustle the inexperienced Brujah sire into introducing
sands upon thousands of other vampires are compet- _ his progeny too soon into Kindred society in the hopes
ing with him for that top-dog status. Vampires are that the Toreador would make a move? These are the
= amr
tH 7
.
tf ,
> Y WwW P
'
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 17
games the elder Kindred play with one another. These tage. They haven’t been dead as long as their elders,
are the wheels within wheels in the spiteful war of ages and remain closer to the mortals from whom they only
known as the Jyhad. recently parted.
This means they still have a connection to mortal
The Jyhad trends, and in nights when even children have tech-
What sets vampires at each other’s throats? What mo- nology at their disposal, young Kindred do, too. Elders’
tivates them to construct the elaborate social systems 48 and stasis make them reluctant to engage with
that allow them to stubbornly maintain their veneer of these new — and, frankly, frightening — technolo-
humanity? What is the origin of the endless games of _ gies- Thus, the speed at which information travels is
brinksmanship in which vampires contest one another? the neonate’s most valuable asset.
In a single word, it is the Jyhad. From social media to web-based archives of city his-
j ; . tory to data clouds that house all of the public records
Vampires are inherently solitary creatures, lone pred- _. : : :
; of civic transactions (including the name on the deed
ators whose urges are selfish and destructive. When a: ;
: - : of the Tremere chantry...), the ability to seemingly
one vampire meets another for the first time, neither . Loy: . ae
, on reach into the ether and pluck out vital information is
of them can ignore the fact that the other is a rival for . j
ie : . an aptitude that confounds many elders. Consider that
the limited resources that he exerts himself night after : es
; : arn . . a given elder may have once held sway over scriptoria
night to cultivate. Whether an individual is a mighty qv . :
: : of monks who diligently copied manuscripts by hand
Sabbat Bishop or a lone Gangrel who subsists by not
, ; ; ; over the span of years, or even one who watched the
being noticed, each Kindred on a primal level knows a
: : printing press slowly transform the western world. The
that for every new vampire spawned, unlife becomes amar ; . :
: speed at which information disseminates is a modern
more and more difficult, more and more dangerous.
horror that can cause even the most stalwart elder to
In these modern nights of sophisticated Sects, long- blanch. Flash mob at the graveyard, which just hap-
standing Clan politics, and the histories of cities that pens to be a craggy old Malkavian’s favored haven?
define the fates of the Kindred who dwell there, this Wo problem,” says the confident young vampire,
primitive urge to hoard all available blood all for smartphone in hand. There has even been talk of vam-
oneself finds outlet in conspiracy and gamesmanship. pires making their own social network.
What one Kindred wants, another hoards, another has ; ; .
F : Just know what you're getting yourselves into,
plans to steal, and still another can distract them all sees
and seize a momentary advantage. Ps.
It is ironic that Cainites turn to a mortal political
figure to summarize the perilous philosophies of the S 4 | Di 4 cti
Jyhad, and, indeed, if Kindred interactions can be de- ocia istin 10ns
scribed in terms of human perspective, the appropriate Various castes, appellations, and divisions distinguish
word is Machiavellian. “A prince never lacks legitimate _ the Kindred. Most vampires belong to more than one of
reasons to break his promise,” Machiavelli advises, and _ the following groups, and movement between them can
“If an injury has to be done to a [rival] it should be so _ be as liquid as a neonate’s ambition or as calcified as an
severe that his vengeance need not be feared.” elder’s h

--- CHUNK 12 ---
abits. It all depends upon the domain and the
Such perspectives are the bylaws of the Kindred’s circumstances. Note that these are allegiances or clas-
eternal war against one another, and with centuries or _ Sifications, not jobs. Titles and offices a Kindred may
millennia behind the individual feuds in the Jyhad, it Possess are something altogether different (see p. 24).
is no wonder that the Damned play their cards so close
to their chest. These are no mere territory struggles Age
eet ee mortal tyrants. These are the con- One of the ways that Kindred determine the social
ucts Chat drive history. pecking order is through a combination of age and
Generation (an indication of how far the vampire is
The Modern Advantage removed from Caine, the original ire). Newl
: ginal vampire). Newly-
Although it may seem like the elders have all of the Embraced Cainites must prove themselves to older,
best domains, young Kindred do have a certain advan- more established vampires in order to gain any sort of
18 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
recognition or standing. There is a small degree of mo- has long been debated whether this change is mystical
bility, but a vampire primarily gains respect through — or biological. Regardless, by the time a vampire reaches
the passage of time and the attrition of his enemies. this age, the weight of millennia sets in, as well as an
Fledgling: A fledgling is a newly-Embraced vampire increased paranoia. Those who are weak or take risks
who has not yet been introduced to Kindred society do not survive to this age — only the most indomitable
and formally emancipated from her sire. To this end, a @ttain the station of Methuselah.
sire is responsible for the actions of his childe until he As a means of self-preservation, Methuselahs re-
deems her able enough to handle Cainite culture on treat from the world. The constant struggle of facing
her own. Some Clans shelter their fledglings for years the young who seek power through the blood of their
or decades, like the Tremere, while others, like many elders grows numbing. Eventually one of the hungry
Gangrel and Brujah, figure that once you’re a vampire, _ whelps will get lucky. Thus the only option is to retreat
you’re on your own — tough shit if you can’t hack it. fully from society, and go into torpor. Some Methuse-
The Sabbat — who sometimes call their hastily-Em- lahs remain involved in power struggles and the Jyhad
braced fledglings “shovelheads” due to their bizarre of the Kindred, but do so from a position of complete
Embrace rituals — are usually much more pragmatic: If anonymity. Still others do so from the cold sleep of
the fledgling survives and does something worthwhile, torpor, moving their minions with mental commands,
she’s not a shovelhead anymore. dream-visions, or centuries of conditioning. The fear
Neonate: A neonate is a young vampire, one who of Jyhad, that no Kindred may truly call his actions his
has not been Kindred very long. The main difference ©W» stems from the inexorable dread spawned by the
between a neonate and a fledgling is that the neonate terrible potential of the Methuselahs.
has been emancipated from her sire and otherwise is Antediluvian: Literally “before the flood,” the An-
seen as an “adult” in vampire society. The line between _ tediluvians are believed to be those vampires of the
fledgling and neonate is incredibly subjective, but usu-. Third Generation (see p. 29) who are descended from
ally once Kindred society stops thinking of a vampire Caine’s original childer. Rumored to be the last vam-
as her sire’s appendage and more on her own merits _ pires “with mastery over life and death,” the Antedi-
and actions, then she’s become a neonate. luvians are almost certainly in the grip of millennial
Ancilla: Those Kindred who have a few decades or torpor, assuming they still exist at all. If these Biblical
centuries under their belts generally fall into the loose, ™onsters still dwell on earth, they cannot possibly still
su

--- CHUNK 13 ---
bjective category known as the ancillae. They have resemble humans in anything more than physical form.
paid their dues, understand (mostly) how Kindred soci- They have been vampires for so long that their urges
ety works, and have probably accomplished something. and desires are wholly alien to human sensibilities,
Ancilla is the rank between neonate and elder, imply- and even to those vampires who have been Kindred
ing some degree of achievement in what local Kindred for “only” a thousand years or fewer. Some Kindred
society deems appropriate. Of course, what counts as philosophies prophesy that the Antediluvians will rise
“achievement” can vary wildly from Sect to Sect. A from their unquiet slumber and devour their wayward
Camarilla ancilla would be considered soft and effete childer during an apocalypse known as Gehenna. Rad-
by the Sabbat, while a Sabbat ancilla would probably ical — perhaps suicidal — believers in this prophecy
be described as a raging maniac by Camarilla stan- advocate destroying the sleeping monsters where they
nels. lie, if they can be discovered and destroyed at all.
Elder: What constitutes an “elder” is similarly sub-
jective, but it generally corresponds to a rough age Clans and Sects
distinction of anywhere from 200 to 1000 years of be- A Kindred’s Clan is her lineage, the vampiric “fam-
ing Kindred, with appreciable claims to domain and __ ily” into which she was Embraced. The Clans are dis-
a variety of other assets to bring to bear in the Jyhad. _ tinguished by their Antediluvian founders. Kindred so-
Typically, elders of Europe are much older than those ciety generally acknowledges 13 Clans tonight, though
across the Atlantic Ocean. Elders are typically the old- some may have been lost to history, some may exist in
est active vampires in undead society. secrecy, and some may never have been known. Some
Methuselah: When a vampire reaches a particular Clans are highly organized, while others are utterly de-
age, somewhere between 1000 and 2000 years of un- centralized. The only constant when speaking of Clans
death, a profound change invariably overtakes him. It is that each has a unique ultimate progenitor, a set of
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 19
mystical aptitudes known as Disciplines, and a perva- The Lasombra are proud nobles who command the
sive flaw. very essence of darkness and shadow — to the point of

Those without a Clan are known as Caitiff. These Worshiping it, some say.
individuals are undeniably vampires, but they display The Malkavians are a Clan fractured by madness,
no inherited characteristics from their sires (if, indeed, each member irrevocably suffering under the yoke of
they know who their sires are at all). Caitiff are fre- insanity.
quently shunned in Kindred society, as much for their The Nosferatu are hideously disfigured by the Em-
lack of pedigree as their ignorance of vampiric social brace, so they keep to the sewers shadows and traffic in
structures.

the secrets they collect.

A Sect is an artificial organization of vampires, usu- The Ravnos are nomads and tricksters who can force
ally Poe’ of multiple ae a league or the mind to see what isn’t there, though they are slaves
compact. In most cases, one’s Clan has immense in- to the vices they indulge in.
fluence on one’s Sect, but exceptions do occur. Some :

: : The Toreador enjoy every sensual pleasure the world
Clans belong to no Sect at all, and in most cases, Cai- aren }
; has to offer, idolizing physical beauty and the adora-
tiff may be found among any of the Sects. : :
tion of their thralls.
The interplay of Clan and Sect realities shapes much . :
, a : : The Tremere wield the supernatural power of their
of a Kindred’s nightly experiences: A Camarilla Ven- .
; ; ae : : sorcerous past, though they became vampires through
true’s understanding of her city is radically different ;
Sean) : treachery and artifice.
from a Sabbat Tzimisce’s perspective.
The Tzimisce are eldritch Old World lords wh

--- CHUNK 14 ---
o
Clans have little in common with the mortal world and can
; ; manipulate flesh and bone at a whim.

The way Clans function varies. Some are closely : .

; vs a dec: The Ventrue observe the noblesse oblige of vampire
knit, almost fraternal organizations with distinct agen- ; ” .

; ' i society, though their entitlement and greed encourages
das and focused hierarchies. Others are little more
yas Dd: them to seek ever more at the expense of others.

than a predilection toward certain Disciplines and an
exploitable flaw in the blood. Ultimately, what Clan The Caitiff have no inherent Clan society, support,
means to each vampire is unique, and some Kindred or even characteristics; they are like orphans among
may be very proud of their Clan while others don’t give _ the great families of vampires.
it much thought. Ultimately, though, each Clan tends
towards certain common behaviors, perceptions, or Sects
roles in Kindred society. Sect — a vampire’s political and philosophical affili-

The Assamites are silent masters of assassination, ation — is ostensibly a matter of choice. If a Cainite
killing for hire and collecting blood for rituals to bring — dwells in a Sabbat city, however, she’s almost certainly
them closer to their progenitor. a Sabbat member whether she wants to be or not, and

The Brujah were once philosopher-kings of an an- 2 vampire in a Camarilla-held city had better have an
cient civilization, but are now rebels and rogues with a exquisite explanation if he chooses not to honor the
fearsome inclination toward frenzy. word of the Prince.

The Followers of Set venerate a chthonic God while Each Sect has a dogma and an objective its members
seeking out the world’s secret places and protecting an- seek to attain. Being broadly distributed organizations
rient artifacts. populated by creatures as selfish as vampires makes a

: : Sect’s nature in each city a unique thing. Some Sect-

The Gangrel are bestial and untamed, often coming : - , Y 4 8 - d

: , dominated cities might be paragons of their organiza-
to resemble the animals over which they demonstrate ~~. : : :
tion’s virtues, while other pay only lip service to Sect
mastery. : : ,
. 7 ; , ; creeds. For more information on the Camarilla, the

The Giovanni are an insular family of vamp1res who Sabbat, the Anarchs, and the Independents, see Chap-
pracuie’ the art of commanding the dead while com- ter Two, starting on p. 38. For more information on the
manding global finances, as they have since the Re- Traditions, see p. 22.
naissance.

20 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
The Camarilla holds up the Traditions as the high- ship with the Camarilla owes to its recklessness and
est authority, with a figure known as the Prince acting shortsighted brand of fiery fanaticism. The Sabbat be-
as the ultimate authority to both interpret and enforce _ lieves that ultimately, vampires must assert their place
those laws in each domain. First and foremost, the over the mortal world instead of hiding from it, if they
Camarilla sees its role as maintaining the Masquer- are to survive the fangs of their creators. Part fanatical
ade, but in domains with accomplished Kindred, the death worshippers, part millennial doomsday cult, the
conflicts between them regularly bring the rest of the “Sword of Caine” is neither subtle nor tolerant.
Traditions into consideration as well. The Camarilla The Anarch Movement is localized and sporadic,
considers itself a well-heeled Sect of genteel vampires, without any real central organization outside the in-
and the term Kindred originates with it, in the idea giyidual cities where it establishes itself. In fact, the
that all members of the Camarilla are peers in the same — Camarilla considers the “Anarchs” under its own pur-
august organization. Of course, the social hierarchy of yiew, The central tenet of the Anarchs is that rule by
the Camarilla is an elaborate construct, and vicious  gjders is an outmoded concept, and that Kindred do-
interpersonal p

--- CHUNK 15 ---
olitics and ancient grudges shape the — mains should be governed by merit, with a fundamen-
nightly affairs of the “Ivory Tower.” tal respect for the individual Kindred. Effectively, the

The Sabbat holds an apocalyptic outlook, believing Movement seeks to redistribute the power in domains
that the time for Gehenna is nigh, and the Ancients from the hands of the old elite into a more equitable
will soon rise from their graves and devour their errant arrangement. While this may seem modern and rea-
get. It has little regard for the Traditions other than — sonable, that’s not how Kindred society works in most
immediate self-preservation, and its domains are hell- domains, and those who already benefit from consoli-
ish urban warzones where people may well have seen dated power find the idea laughable at best and treason-
vampire activity but simply chalk it up to the weirdness ous at worst. As well, many Anarchs style themselves
and horror of the World of Darkness. The Masquerade as revolutionaries, willing to do whatever it takes to
(or “The Silence of the Blood,” as they call it) is tenu- strip power from the corrupt old guard who hoard it.
ous in Sabbat domains, and much of its poor relation- These are no utopian domains of happy Kindred-kine

f . |
tony ‘ of / i
‘ ; j
_ al \\ Sen
q \—_ ? }-
: ae A

> . a

VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 21
relationships. These are petty kingdoms ruled by in- is simply too powerful or otherwise ungovernable for
dividual undead lords of whatever territory they can _ the local Sect to bring under its sway. These latter are
seize. often terrifying, warlike when prodded, and nearly leg-
The Inconnu is an enigmatic elder Sect about which endary in the domain. If you're such a badass that you
little is known. Indeed, it seems less of a cogent Sect ©@™ thumb your nose.at every pack of Templars or Ar
and more of a confederation of Kindred who seek the chon strike team the local Kindred call ae force you
state of Golconda, a sort of redemptive transcendence ‘© 0 the line, you’d make a fine Autarkis.
of Damnation. The Sect rarely has more than one or
two Kindred in any given domain, and territory ac- eye
quisitions don’t appear to be part of its agenda. A few The Traditions
territories belong to prominent Inconnu, and thus the : :
; ; . . . Vampires observe a set of customs that exists some-
Sect may be said to be dominant in that domain, but in ; . .
“« wy where between being coded into their undead natures
most cases of Inconnu presence, a “Monitor” takes up - ; : .

/ : » : . .. anda social contract that’s ratified every night among
residence in another Sect’s domain to watch its affairs hy the D LN ive afford
and pursue her own salvation. What the Sect formally he chen ot the 7 ton . hy ot every Mont aor
wants — if anything — remains unknown, and specu- he Sabb, the {tac va, t ‘ tld ck ey a 7
lation runs rampant as to their origin. Some believe © 980at IM particular make Dold claims about the

. flaws of the Traditions and the weak wills of those who
that they are little more than a cult of would-be gods |“ : . . .
j hide behind them — but in practice, most vampires
while others suspect that they are the remnants of an : ‘*t
: : observe the Traditions to some extent. This is most
ancient Roman conspiracy that pre-dates the modern
; true of the Masquerade, for as bold as the Sabbat or
idea of Sects. Anarch b Ley don't h: h
a Sect that spends little time in contact with the other jh6 secret that the undead walk among them
factions of Kindred society. Very little is known about , . 4 enforci he Traditi aa
the “True Black Hand,” and some Kindred consider wilene and an bility at nk ‘ PE 3 ia
stories of its existence apocryphal. Its stronghold lies PTVNS¢ anc Tesponsibuity of the Kindred Trince. in
; ; some domains, particularly those of non-Camarilla
in the Underworld, the realm of the dead occupied by S both the titl d the Traditi h 1
ghosts of things long lost to the modern world. Its 

--- CHUNK 16 ---
mis- ects, both the titles an : c ye ata Iions thems
, ; . may vary, but the core principle is found everywhere:
sion seems to be one of shepherding and protecting the ]
3 Rae, 3 That an undead authority makes the rules and woe to
world toward an end only it understands. Their vision ho feel that they don’t h heed th
is similar to the First City as described in the Book of PY WM0 tee! that they dont have to heed them.
Nod. The Sect holds no cities in the physical world as "Tye First Tradition: The Masquerade
its domains, though it maintains estates and other odd This is the most important Tradition, for its obser
nexuses where it breeds ghoul servants and sends its P , .
ts forth into th id vance protects the race of Caine from discovery by a
Bocas [Orth Into Che word. mortal world that would unite against them in fear
The Independent Clans often function like small- and hatred. Many Princes and other Kindred authori-
scale Sects themselves, with specific agendas in mind, ties spend a great deal of time using their influence or
though this is not always the case. wealth to cover up breaches of the Masquerade, for the
Autarkis greater good of the Damned who may not even under-
N Kindred bel 5 f stand the peril in which they place themselves when
ot every Kincred Delongs to a sect, nor sweats Te- they breach it. The Camarilla tends to err on the side
alty to a Clan, Prince, Bishop, or other such entity. oF the pragmatic, cultivating its power from the shad-
These Autarkis often lead solitary unlives not unlike 3... but the Sabbat longs for a time when the Mas-
hermits or outcasts. The lot of the Autarkis is unique querade is no longer necessary, when mortals are little
al Lidl ail is pear rove hae ae selene, and why more than blood-thralls born into the shackles of their
oes the local Sect allow an in lividual to flout its pri-  yampiric masters.
macy? In some cases, an Autarkis is beneath notice, as
with a Nosferatu who keeps to his warrens on the out- The Second Tradition: The Domain
skirts of Usha! GLP eT irretrievably damaged Malkavian Of all the Traditions, Princes often employ the widest
who dwells in the Barrens. In other cases, the Autarkis range of interpretations when it comes to the Second
72 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
The First Tradition:
The Masquerade
Thou shall not reveal thy true nature to those not of the Blood.
Doing such shall renounce thy claims of Blood.
The Second Tradition:
The Domain
Thy domain is thine own concern.
All others owe thee respect while in it.
None may challenge thy word while in thy domain.
The Third Tradition:
The Progeny
Thou shall only Sire another with the permission of thine Elder.
If thou createst another without thine Elder’s leave, both thou and thy Progeny shall be slain.
The Fourth Tradition:
The Accounting
Those thou create are thine own children.
Until thy Progeny shall be Released, thou shall command them in all things.
Their sins are thine to endure.
The Fifth Tradition:
Hospitality
Honor one another’s domain.
When thou comest to a foreign city, thou shall present thyself to the one who ruleth there.
Without the word of acceptance, thou art nothing.
The Sixth Tradition:
Destruction
Thou art forbidden to destroy another of thy kind.
The right of destruction belongeth only to thine Elder.
Only the Eldest among thee shall call the Blood Hunt.
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 2
Tradition. Some Princes maintain that the Second Tra-_ Te Sixth Tradition: Destruction
dition applies only to those of their station, that a given ThelBed Hint eee ee eel eprint]
city is entirely a Prince’s domain and that everyone in q hat decl i ‘ ; y
it owes him fealty and perhaps tribute. Other Princes “he i i, i- ‘Ds ats He Cie a a one
are much more liberal, granting each (acknowledged) qT € FIBHE © fae aie a“ wth Bl Mii ‘ra
Kindred in her domain the power of sovereignty over me of t ¢ Tradition) £9. ra e B Sl tp
their own territory. Most Princes fall somewhere in the tec forfeits h

--- CHUNK 17 ---
e paiiced pindreds unlit ee
middle, acknowledging that each Kindred makes his te ultimate purse lewect for the most eneyoy
own fortune and has a right to authority in areas ac- a iui Indeed, apss Ud $0 Sparing and so severely
: in most domains that many Princes will even pardon
cepted as his, but not complete autonomy. those Kindred who perform diablerie on a vampire un-
The Third Tradition: The Progeny der the Lextalionis.
Many if not most Princes require that prospective
sires seek their permission before performing the Em- e
brace to create fledglings. However, some domains in- Domains of the Dead
ae = fo Sanily either the ckier of © vib A city’s Kindred society and even its mortal character
eral domains are often the ones with the greatest Kin- depend a great deal upon which Sect holds sway there;
dred populations, and often ones that come closest to if any Sect holds sway at all. Camarilla domains suelt
jeopardizing the Masquerade due to Kindred overpopu- ** Chicago, London, and Paris look and feel a gree
inne deal differently from Sabbat strongholds such as Mexi-
co City, Detroit, and Montreal, which likewise have a
The Fourth Tradition: The Accounting different cast than Anarch cities like Los Angeles, San
This Tradition imposes a twofold rule. First, a sire Diego, and San Francisco.
effectively owns her progeny until such a time as she Individual Kindred define these domains, of course,
deems them fit to face Kindred society on their own. but simply learning which titles a city employs for its
Second, a wayward childe brings trouble upon his sire’s high-status vampires can offer a wealth of insight to
head, for the sire is responsible for the actions and con- _ the observer. For instance, if a Kindred learns that De-
sequences of her childe until the point at which she is troit has an Archbishop, he’s pretty well assured that
emancipated. This Tradition is simultaneously at the the city belongs to the Sabbat, while discovering that
center of some Kindred’s policy of making their childer all of London is Prince Mithras’ domain lets the vam-
earn their freedom through a long and arduous process, _ pire know that the city is one of Camarilla allegiance.
and other Kindred’s policy of, “Fuck it; you’re a vam- The following titles describe the Sect alignment and
pire now. Don’t ruin it for the rest of us or I’ll tear your quties of that title. Note that not every domain has
heart out myself. Good luck.” a member of every given title. Indeed, some domains
The Fifth Tradition: Hospitality have many members with a given title, while in others,
A Prince has the right to dictate who may stay in his certain powerful Kindred may hold numerous titles, or
: : ~ there might be so few competent Kindred that each
domain and who must leave or suffer punishment. This F tattend t ltipl ibiliti
Tradition also imposes the responsibility on a trav- eta naeasaendimaaiianeniisaeaiis eas Aiaaiaaaa
eling or relocating Kindred to present herself to the ° ( ° )
local Kindred authority and make herself known and Prince Camarilla
accountable for any missteps. Again, this Tradition’s The preeminent vampire of a Camarilla city and
enforcement falls to the whim of individual Princes. probably the most numerous position of ultimate au-
Some are iron-fisted dictators who demand to know thority among Western Kindred, Princes are the rul-
the comings and goings of all the Kindred in their cit- ers of given cities. Some Princes are tyrants or absolute
ies, while others don’t mind so much as everyone heeds monarchs of the Damned while others are politically
the other Traditions and doesn’t disturb the social or- feeble puppets propped up by more powerful support-
der. ers, but the position of Prince is one acknowledged
and even (grudgingly) respected by all vampires, even
those not of the Camarilla.
24 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
A Prince’s duties and privileges are many, but the freedom fighter. A Baron forever straddles a fine line
most important is th

--- CHUNK 18 ---
e interpretation and enforcement between being a wise leader and a power-mad autocrat,
of the Traditions, particularly the Masquerade. Beyond and the impractical nature of revolutionary ideology
that, a Prince has any individual powers he can claim dooms many of them when the nightly affairs of the
and uphold, such as declaring Elysium, calling a Blood domain need attention.

Hunt, adjudicating disputes between residents of his

domain, the right to claim a blood-tribute, and poten- Other Titles
tially even the right to name, ignore, or even disband .

the Primogen. Camarilla

Kindred of any age can in theory be Princes, but in Harpy: Harpies are the opinion leaders and the
reality, praxis — the right of Princes to rule — goes trend-setters to whom other Kindred look when it
only so far as the Kindred members of a domain respect Comes to matters of taste, style, philosophy, oa poli-
and allow it. A weak or young Prince might be inef- tics. A Harpy’s word influences the domain’s attitudes
fectual or even a laughingstock, while just speaking the and can be a powerful supporter of the status quoyons
name of the aforementioned Mithras or Prince Lodin force for insidious change. Harpies are rarely appointed
of Chicago might be enough to cause a shiver of fear directly (and Kindred rarely trust those who are). In-
down the spines of those cities’ vampires. stead, a Harpy paradoxically becomes so by acting as

The role of Prince is a complex and varied one and a Harpy. The Harpy’s role is often intertwined with
much has been said about it, but ultimately, a Prince is domain politics, and it ts a bold or foolish Pring whe
Ee domain neglects those vampires who represent the cutting edge

: of popular opinion in her domain.
Archbishop (Sabbat) Keeper of Elysium: This is a largely honorific title,
; ; though it has many practical responsibilities. The

With many of the same powers as the Prince, the Keeper of Elysium assures that the customs of Elysium
Archbishop is the closest analog the Sabbat has to that a6 observed, and is a caretaker of sites declared Ely-
position. An Archbishop is different, though, in that iim by a Prince.
the Sabbat is less concerned with enforcing the Tra- s Tr iscei hich Iders beli
ditions and more concerned with waging its holy war courge: onithis\Gme, woicn many elders pe saa

; aoe be the Time of Thin Blood, the Scourge is responsible
against the Antediluvians and everyone else. Thus, : . j
the Archbishop is part spiritual leader and part war- for destroying those vampires of 14th and higher Gen-
lord, advancing the Sword of Caine’s acenda and es eration. This is a position most often found in paranoid

oA had : : agen domains where elders believe that fighting the symp-
tablishing Cainite primacy. This last is a difficult task f the Final Nights will F th i ¢
to undertake, as it’s not simply a question of turning a Gch, oF the final Nights. wil stave ol the come kg
Sabbat city into a living hell and declaring that vam- enenna.
pires rule; the fundamentals of the Masquerade and the Sheriff: The Sheriff is the Prince’s right-hand Kin-
sheer weight of the mortal population means that is dred, responsible for the physical enforcement of
a war to be waged in stages. Too many Sabbat fail to Princely decree. Some Sheriffs are diligent masters-at-
understand this, especially among the young, and lose arms while others are thuggish, bloody fuckheads who
faith in their leadership because they’re too impatient abuse their authority to torment those beneath their
to play out the long-game Jyhad. This subversion of ig- station. A Sheriff may appoint Hounds to assist him
norance is perhaps the Archbishop’s greatest challenge (or the Prince may appoint them, in the interests of
FO overcome. curtailing a Sheriffs overt power).

Primogen: Primogen is a flexible title. In some do-

Baron (Anarch Movement) mains, a Primogen is simply the eldest and most influ-

Much of Anarch philosophy decries the tyranny of ential Kindred 

--- CHUNK 19 ---
of a given Clan. In others, a Primogen
Princes, but despite their name, the Anarchs often rec- is a member of a council of advisors to the Prince. In
ognize that leadership in a domain is necessary. Thus, S°™© domains, Princes appoint the Primogen (and
the Baron: a Prince in all but name and reputation. they may even appoint multiple Primogen of the same
Many Barons take great pains to avoid Camarilla-style Clan, us keep that Clan dig) while in ee Glues,
autocracy, but power can corrupt even the most zealous Primogen arise from among the most powerful mem-

bers of that Clan or as a result of popular Clan politics.
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 25
: i ss Rey tre S a
a Ue BO LY
eee | [-
? . : >»
NM ;
ea |
) F : Be
This is perhaps the most difficult of Camarilla titles for anonymous existence of the Alastors can be a difficult
anew Kindred to understand. one, it does have its rewards, specifically a more-or-less
Justicar: These are the judges appointed by the In- universal immunity to prosecution from local Princes.
ner Circle to be the Camarilla’s eyes, hands and, if nec- The Inner Circle: The true hub of the Camarilla,
essary, fists. It is the Justicars who decide the punish- this group meets once every 13 years to plan out the
ment for those who have violated the Traditions on a _ business and direction of vampire society — as much as
widespread level. A Justicar serves for 13 years, and her any group can presume to dictate the doings of a race of
actions may be challenged only by another Justicar. immortal predators. Every Clan is permitted one rep-
Archon: Each Justicar selects a number of minions resentative, usually the eldest member of the Clan, as
known as Archons, to act in his name as suits his pur- only the eldest may cast the Clan’s vote.
poses. Archons are typically chosen from the upper Sabbat
ranks of ancillae and occasionally elders of lesser sta- oa, ;
tion. Justicars occasionally choose Archons to carry Ductus: Leaders of individual packs, Ducti attend to the
out specific missions, and prefer political savvy, in- operation matters of their charges, resembling gang lead-
sight, and skill over standing and clout. An ‘Archon’s ers or chiefs of small tribes. The title of Ductus is largely
position typically lasts for as long as a Justicar wishes to honorific, according recognition to the most accomplished
retain her, but no longer than the Justicar’s tenure. member of a pack. Some authority accompanies the title,
; but the Ductus who throws his weight around is likely to
Alastor: If the Archons and Justicars are the law find his ass dumped unceremoniously in a trash bin, if not
Be cement aseces cr the Camarilla, re Alastor staked out to welcome the next sunrise.
are the secret police. Moving unseen and unnotice i.
through the Camarilla, they serve a variety of purposes Pack Priest: Priests bear the responsibility for the
BY chal er Circle's ‘command Mostly: however, the spiritual wellbeing of their packs. Second in command
5 ee En oetous pis x Hes Ca © the Ductus, the Pack Priest officiates all the rituals
marilla — those on the elle “Red List.” While the observed by the pack, and often. creates a few for the
sole use of the pack. All packs have at least one Pack
26 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
Priest, though some rare and large packs have two. even within the accepted dogma are numerous enough
In the event that the Ductus is eliminated, the Pack — to fuel any number of holy wars.
Priest becomes a temporary leader until a new leader
can be appointed by the Bishop, Archbishop, or (in First Vampire, First Murderer
autonomous packs) the pack itself. And the Lord said unto him, “Therefore whosoever
Templar: Also known as Paladins, the Templars are slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold.”
an elite force of bodyguards appointed by a Bishop or And the Lord set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him
greater leader. Templars serve a variety of duties, always — should kill him.
in a ma

--- CHUNK 20 ---
rtial capacity. Most Archbishops keep a cadre G is 4:15
of Paladins in their retinues to handle delicate matters ~ venesis
best solved by a judicious application of violence. With these words, many vampires trace their origins
Bishop: Bishops are those immediately below the back to Biblical times. Caine, son of Adam and brother
Archbishop in Sabbat domains, with the same hich- of Abel, slew his sibling in sacrifice to God, and in so
eee uti P , : a doing was cast out, becoming the first vampire as God
evel duties but much narrower scope. A Bishop may : 7 :
be in charge of a single aspect of Cainite unlife in the withdrew His grace from the exile.
domain, or she may be a more general spiritual leader, Thereupon, the tale diverges any number of times,
inquisitor against diabolism, military general, or any but most Kindred scholars, eschatologists, priests, and
other specific aspect of Sabbat agenda. Some Sabbat speculators agree on this first point.
domains have no Archbishop, but are instead ruled by Caine, as the First Vampire, wandered the Land of
a council of Bishops. Nod, where he eventually passed on his curse, Embrac-
Priscus: Superficially, a Priscus is similar to a Pri- ing those who would become known as the Second
mogen, but is never appointed by an Archbishop or Generation. Their names are lost or vaguely known
Bishop; Prisci rise to the rank over time and according +— the names most commonly agreed upon are Enoch,
to no specific criteria. A Priscus, politically, is an advi-_Itad, and Zillah — and they eventually begat the Third
sor to the local Sabbat authority figures, with no formal Generation, who would become the progenitors of
role in Sect politics but great practical influence. what Kindred understand tonight as Clans. The chro-
Cardinal: Cardinals oversee Sabbat affairs in large nology of Canes life;;cursepand subsequent icavealy
: ; : : are recorded in the Book of Nod, a document as close
geographical regions. As the superiors of the Archbish- ¥ , ate, ’
ops, Cardinals coordinate the Sabbat in their cities and Coy vampire Bible as the Kindred are apt to come.
di hem in the Jyhad. Further, it is their direct dut The book itself is as much myth as fact: Any number
irect t y , y
to bring any cities within their territory under the Sab- of editions of varying reliability have surfaced in the
bat’s sway. Most Sabbat see their Cardinals no more millennia since Abel’s death, from crude clay tablets
than once per year, if at all, as the duties of the office to the most widely accepted version, collected by the
keep them in constant communication with Bishops, renegade Aristotle de Laurent and disseminated by
Archbishops, Prisci, and the Regent herself. his protégés and allies. Even Aristotle’s version is sus-
, , pect, as it contains Kindred apocrypha from a variety
Regent: The Regent is the ultimate authority over of sources, and the whole thing itself cannot possibly
all of the Sabbat, ruling the Sect from the Sabbat he original. Still, as an item of faith, it commands the
stronghold in Mexico City. Each of the Archbishops — }earts and minds of many Kindred, from fiery Sabbat
or councils of Bishops is ultimately accountable to the priests to spiritual Camarilla disciples and devout An-
Regent. archs.
Long have the Kindred sought Caine himself, though
The Mytholo of the First Vampire hasn’t been reliably sighted outside
gy the Biblical times that provided his origin. Still, un-
th D d verifiable Caine sightings have shown up throughout
e amne time, as Kindred seek for any symbol of faith to an-
Exactly what causes the state of vampirism is a source chor their despair or dread. Likewise, fragments of the
of much debate among the Damned. Even though most Book of Nod occasionally surface in various domains or
Kindred agree on their point of origin, the idea itself is 2008 ruins that just happen to find their way back
inherently unverifiable, and the points of contention into Kindred possession.
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 

--- CHUNK 21 ---
20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 27
The whole matter of Caine and the Book of Nod is a Naturally, the elders hate and fear diablerie (though
powder keg each time it rises to prominence in a giv- it would surprise many neonates and ancillae to discov-
en city. The Camarilla generally believes the myth of er how many elders attained their own Generational
Caine to be just that: a parable with perhaps some basis potency by destroying their own sires and elders). Also
in truth, but largely symbolic. The Sabbat takes the known as Amaranth, diablerie is the greatest crime a
whole matter quite literally, and their faith in dooms- Kindred can commit against another vampire.
day prophecies (many of which originate with the ... At least in some circumstances. In others, dia-
Book of Nod itself) causes no end of strife. The matter Jere is not only permitted but encouraged. For exam-
of Caine is indeed a religion among vampires, fraught ple, a Prince who declares a Blood Hunt often decrees
with all of the zealotry, intolerance, devotion, pride, that those who diablerize the outcast will be pardoned.
and fear that accompany all matters of faith. Further, in the Sabbat and in certain Anarch domains,

How is it, then, that some foundation of the tale of — diablerie is an acceptable (and even honored) method
Caine survives and even thrives among all Kindred? of promotion and advancement. After all, if a vampire
The answer is simple: The potency of a Kindred’s vi- _ lets himself be diablerized, well, he must have been too
tae reflects her distance in Embrace genealogy from the _ weak to use that power effectively.

First Vampire. .
G ti Understanding the
oe _ Generations

Among vampires, the notion of Generation is a con-
cept that describes how distant one is from the First Although Generation conceptually has only a finite
Vampire. When a Kindred Embraces, her childe rises number of gradations, the significance of the Genera-
from death one Generation higher than she — one tions is more important than a mere ordinal number.
more Generation removed from Caine. The Clan Certain Generations correspond to certain social dis-
founders comprised the Third Generation, their prog-  tinctions of the Damned, and a Kindred’s Generation
eny became the Fourth Generation, their childer bee ™2Y mark her for a vast and terrible destiny or as the
came the Fifth Generation, and so on and so forth up harbinger of a dread fate.
through the distant Thirteenth Generation prevalent Second Generation
ieaemiodern nights, The most widely acknowledged version of the Book

This explanation creates confusion of its own, how- of Nod claims the number of second Generation Kin-
ever. “Third Generation” ostensibly means that these dred is three. In its chronicles, Caine Embraced these
Antediluvians were three Generations away from unknowable Ancients to dwell with him in his great
Caine, but the prevailing mythology names only two. city of Enoch and give him succor. Given to the “An-
If Caine himself isn’t “zero Generation,” what ishe one — tediluvian” moniker of the Third Generation, those
Generation removed from? Kindred who delve into such mysteries assume that the

Generation determines a great deal about Kindred Second Generation was slain either during the Deluge
potential. Mastery of certain Disciplines relies upon a__ or in the kinslayer times following the Flood. As one
certain threshold of Generation, for example, as does might expect, all those of age are reluctant to speak of
the ability to store vast quantities of blood within the _ their sires and the great strife that overcame them all.
vampire’s body. Some ancient Kindred need to feed Undoubtedly, some know more than they are reveal-
only when the desire takes them, so great are their re- ing.
serves of vitae. Were any of the Second Generation still in existence
Diablerie: The Amaranth today, they would be impossibly powerful beings. Some

: ; , Clans claim that their progenitors are in fact mem-

Along with advance

--- CHUNK 22 ---
d Generation comes a price, bers of the Second Generation rather than the Third
however. Generation equals raw power potential, and Generation, as is commonly assumed of Clan founders
those of higher Generation seek the power of their el- Th. lai , iewed ; hing f def fl
ders. By slaking one’s thirst on the heart’s blood of a b ese Clalms are viewee! as evegong rom privy

: . “oe _ oasts to foulest heresy by those who place great stock
vampire of lower Generation — drinking the vampire’s in matters regarding Kindred origin.
soul in a transgression known as diablerie — a Kindred
can lower her own Generation.
28 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
Third Generation Generations. Although the power of blood of Caine

N va éf F falls off greatly this many Generations removed, those

umerous terrifying tales of the Third Generation : .

; ; of the Fourth Generation are still extremely powerful,
exist, though the names of only two, Lucian and Me- odlike in the eves of a mortal or fledgline vampire
khet, are widely known. Tonight, they are referred to ® y une pS
as the Antediluvians, and they are the founders of the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth
13 great Clans. If any survive, they remain hidden, in- .
tentionally obscured by the depredations of the Jyhad. Generations ;

They may still exist, collectively or in some fraction of Vampires of these Generations are the Ones mes
their original number, but now instead of openly war- commonly described oS elders, and they remain deeply
ring as the Babkof Nodaecountsithey mays inca deeper involved in Kindred society. Their movements domi-
struggle. Indeed, Jyhad seems to be their primary en- ate the actions of the most populous Sects (at least
gagement, as WEEE eatever moves © hear them tell it), and their numbers comprise the
their opponent eal majority of local authorities. Those who remain in po-

Th . ———— f sitions of visibility tend to be important figures: lead-

‘ne actions of the Antediluvians range trom some- a+. of Clans or bloodlines, Princes, Primogen, Bishops,
thing as petty as the acquisition of a piece of artwork Archbishops, Anarch Barons, and the most notable
to grand schemes involving nations, and almost none Autarkis. Many of the Prines of European cities tend
are classifiable as the movements of Ancients while to be of the Sixth Generation. Princes of American cit-
they're happening, so subtle are these inhuman master ies tend to be of the Seventh or Eighth Generations.
vampires. Those of the Third Generation must by this : : . :
point be wholly other, split between those who would pines of as ge Generation
share the world with mortals and those who would re-  S€¢™ €0 be the last Auncired clescribec! as elders by those
make the world so that it quivers beneath their gaze. ¢¥e? older than they. Perhaps it is because the majority
Alternatively, some among the Third Generation may of them Sa created before the modern age, and that
have reached Golconda or seek to help others of their 'S evident in their manner and bearing. Then again,
kind attain this state. Of course, they, too, must play at perhaps it is very dry sarcasm. directed toward everyone
Jyhad with the other ancients who do not wish this to below the rank of an irascible Methuselah.

SOmEALO Pass. Ninth and Tenth Generations

Those of the Third Generation are terrible beings, Although they are occasionally called elders, these
with abilities and powers only guessed at by their less- Kindred just as often move with members of the
ers, having been Kindred for eons longer than they younger Generations, especially in the New World.
held mortal perspectives. Some say they can die the Members of these Generations are frequently called
Final Death only if they choose or are slain by one of  ancillae, though this is often based on age and accom-
equal power. Is this, perhaps, the Jyhad —amaneuver- — plishment more than Generation. Most were created
ing to see who shall be the last of their kind? in the modern era, and thus are so

--- CHUNK 23 ---
mewhat alien in
Fourth and Fiith Generations temperament to the older Kindred. In more ways than

: one, they bridge the gap between the neonates and the

These vampires are known as the Methuselahs, and true elders
they are nearly as powerful and secretive as the Antedi- ,
luvians. Those of the Fourth and Fifth Generations are Eleventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth
most often the most powerful allies, agents, or pawns in Generations
the Jyhad, as their povRgiaiammeay’ the prestize of The most recent Generations of Kindred are often
the Third Generation. As a result, their numbers have led tes. Most of the Kindred in th 4
dwindled throughout millennia of conflict with each cal CO NEONATES. NOS Oem 1D Tee 1 Ne Rate
other and greater, darker entities. Few of this Gen- nights belong to~thag@{i@Emei@tions — they may out-
ain pee Some ma ‘sek refuge amon number the elder Generations by four-to-one or more.
Ee ou ‘or Tal’Mahe’Ra to ON the h had a Born within recent memory, the Kindred of these Gen-
di i‘ : ena erations are products of societies that have received the

iablerie. The Inner Circle of the Camarilla is said to — .

7 : vs . benefits of, and been victims of, rapid change. Most
consist of multiple Methuselahs. Some critics believe tellinely. th bas Kindred wh. a
that the true purpose of the Sects is to blunt the efforts“ arene ah ‘¢ f ia ee Lite ae - Fs é,
of the Third Generation to manipulate the younger SP’ WH MOceM Fecano ple gated eg / ein ere

VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 29
by but actually accustomed to information traveling at an enlightened state somehow “beyond” vampirism,
the speed of digital data, and would find a handwrit- wherein the Kindred no longer must worry about the
ten message dispatched on horseback to a superstitious Beast or its base hungers.
peasant village 500 miles away unspeakably quaint and Golconda’s fabled state may eclipse its truth. Few
inefficient. These are the Kindred of the information jndred know anyone who claims to have achieved
generation, the ones using social media and computers Golconda, and fewer still have actually reached its
and changing what it means to be a vampire. lofty heights. None can say exactly what Golconda is,
Fourteenth and Fifteenth Generations and it remains a matter of faith or an objective of phi-
; : losophy more so than actual practice. Are those who
There are exceedingly few Kindred of these Gen- :
: have reached Golconda saints who have transcended
erations, and none beyond. Indeed, those of the 15th . :
, : : ._ what it means to be a vampire, or have they somehow
Generation have failed to sire any progeny. Their
° : managed to free themselves from the burdens of vam-
blood is far too thin, and they are too removed from _... a ; ,

: : pirism? Is the vampire in Golconda beatific, or is she a
Caine, to be able to pass on the curse. Rumors persist monster without even those moral underpinnings that
about vampires siring not childer but children and other > E a

‘ : challenge the rest of the Cainite race?
things never before wondered at in the Book of Nod. ;
But the Book of Nod is definitely clear about one thing: Those who have attained Golconda offer no an-
The rise of the Thin-Blooded is one of the signs of the SW°TS-
End Times, and Gehenna is nigh.
e
exc. = coccac, Uther Denizens of the
As vampires tell it, the time of Gehenna is the en
of the world, at least for their race. The skies will rain World of Darkness
blood and purge their numbers from the world. The § <>
slumbering Antediluvians will rouse themselves from Vampires aren’t the only supernatural creatures to
their primordial slumber and devour their childer. stalk the shadows of the World of Darkness. The dark-
Caine himself will return and demand an accounting SS belongs to many other mysterious and horrific Gare
of his degenerate race, and God himself will strike the "es, some of whom also prey on mortals, while others
Kindred from the face of Creation into hell itself. fen among o

--- CHUNK 24 ---
n or “he ai them. hove ‘tthe
t tt thers,
All Kindred fear Gehenna, whether they consciously any general SA ea eae a a

‘ ~. ‘ : though, it’s that the Kindred don’t know much about
believe in it or not. The reason is plain: Few of them : ;

, : : . them. The converse is equally true, and any interac-
believed in vampires before they became Kindred, and. :

. ' : tion between the race of Caine and the other monsters
the dawning horror that there is more in the world orn : :
en : who prowl the night is going to be tentative and suspi-
than the mortal imagination can fathom can certainly cious, if not downright hostile and violent
prove frightfully true even to the vain Cainite frame , 8 ,
efimind: on me information on these antagonists, see
apter Nine.
Gehenna is not a question of if, but when. Only the P
most stubborn of Kindred could possibly ignore the
litany of prophecies that spell out the conclusion of Hunters
the End Times. The End is here. When is the End of | What remains of the Inquisition — the post-medieval
the End? “hammer of witches” endowed by the Church with the
means and authority to stamp out heresy and diabolism
Golconda — still exists tonight, albeit in a much changed format.
The constant pressure of paranoia, apocalypse, Jy- Tonight, the Inquisition and other vampire hunters
had, and the existential horror of subsisting on human hunt the creatures of the night with firearms as well as
blood is too much for some Kindred. Indeed, given faith, and with an uncanny insight that makes under-
eternity, who would want to spend it in the state of — estimating these individuals very dangerous. Govern-
terror that surrounds the Kindred on any given night? ment agencies also keep an eye on the movements of
In order to ease themselves out of the Jyhad and the _ the undead, and even unaffiliated groups have a keen
predatory state of being, some vampires pursue the jnterest in the supernatural occupants of the world
path of Golconda. According to rumor, Golconda is they share. These agents are all mortal — at least, so
30 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
the Kindred hope — though some possess knacks or . at
abilities that can only be described as supernatural. on 4a - oF ae,
Werewolves A - A

One of the reasons the Kindred keep to their urban
domains is that the wilderness beyond the glow of the y oN —
city lights harbors the Lupines. These savage creatures - é
appear to be mad with rage, changing into their wolf- on ti
form seemingly at will and lashing out violently when
someone rouses their ire. Some even believe they can
step wholly out of the world and into a realm of moon- a Wf
shadow, where vampires may not follow. They wage an ;
ages-old war with the Damned that few Kindred un- : {
derstand tonight, though they certainly comprehend a ( Ie
the catastrophic violence the wolf-men are able to in- F) . : \ c be
flict. Indeed, even a young Lupine seems to be at leasta [ij , : or
match for an entire coterie or pack of vampires, so wild \ ge uy > if a
are they in combat, and so resilient. A few bold groups at x d Tey
of vampires hunt Lupines for thrill or duty, but when ie Pas 3 : WY
the prey is something that has the ability to strike down 2 ) hy i ( am ’ are
even a potent elder, wiser Kindred choose the path of 4 ({ \ — ,
avoidance. Ta | a ta y

pean 5
agi | . “SS ; ess

As Shakespeare once said, “there are more things in ak i aa
heaven and earth... than are dreamt of in your phi- ; *  @ A
losophy.” So it is with the magi, exceptionally gifted » , 7
mortals who have the ability to simply will their desires q i ~ mf
into being. In simplest terms, the magi wield “magick,” ey) SS} LY) i; Sa
but there is more to it than that: They possess a cosmic Pass dl ts
understanding and acumen that eludes even the sor- [abe S 4} a y
cerous Tremere and the seekers of secrets among the % = 4 : AN hi 1
Followers of Set. As Kindred understand it, the magi Ad ‘a Cs
are mortal and thus comparatively fragile, but few wish a Apo
to put to the t

--- CHUNK 25 ---
est the incomprehensible wiles of an en- a ae,
lightened witch who has the power to slay a Cainite & fo
with a thought or who can summon a gout of holy fire wy 5 _——7
to scorch a vampire to cinders from within. The magi J ‘ =, : a hp
seem to have various orders and schools of magick NN JEN ~— -
among themselves, but these distinctions are largely Sa te f
irrelevant to vampires, who feel that the witches see & Seer Zs "
them as a sort of commodity to be collected or as a nal,
mystery to be dissected and mastered.
The Wild Ones b

Nature spirits, faeries, the Good Folk, the Others.
Whatever the local term for them is, they are the alien 7%, a
outsiders who have claimed dominion over the strange
corners of the world since before Man was sophisticat-

ty
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION Si
ed enough to sense their passing. They are a strange e
confederation of legends, possessed of inscrutable goals Lexicon
and unknowable desires. A Kindred who crosses paths ; ; ; oF
i ond may depait ethronly a vague sense of good The Kindred have their own dialect of specialized
fortune, while the next time he earns the attention of words a phe Vase eve a cement er
the fae, he may lose his very identity. If any general P@CtY for couble-talk; what they say often means
statement may be made about the Others, they seem something other than or in addition to its literal inter-
to belong to two different courts of philosophy, but pretation. Certain words have evolved new connota-
neither of them has any consideration for vampires, so “ONS among ee Damned, wile orhes i. ae te
dealings depend entirely on each creature’s caprices. Y2/MPITES A wher E loots i inared, set tat a
Fortunately, the faeries have no overarching interest “YS 85 ey are, ate Toath to acopt new manners o
Mivyampiric affairs. If, by somé tragedy, they take an speech or slang, and one can often determine a rough
interest, the vampires may well find themselves victims estimation of if v hae s age by listening to the indi-
of cruel jokes or deadly vendettas. Via” WETS SDE CHOOSES:

Common Parlance
Ghosts These words are in common use among all echelons

Vampires aren’t the only denizens of the World of of Kindred society.

Darkness to persist beyond the event of death. There is Anarch: 1) A member of the Anarch Movement. 2)

a Veil perween ihe worlds of the living and det and Any Kindred rebel who opposes the tyranny of elders.

any number of ghosts, spirits, shades, wraiths, and other . -.

remnants of the unquiet departed attend to their unre- Anarch Movement, Thes The Sect within shetee

solved matters this side of it. Some Kindred compre- marilla comprised of Anarchs who want to reform or

hend the mysteries of wraiths, such as the necromantic overthrow the rule of the elders. ; =

Giovanni and perhaps a few macabre Tremere or enig- Barrens, The: The areas of a city unfit for life, pee

matic members of the True Black Hand, but even these cluding graveyards, abandoned buildings, industrial

vampires deal with the restless dead on their own terms wastelands, and areas of irreversible urban blight.

rather than those of the ghosts themselves. Sages, schol- Becoming, The: The moment one passes from be-

ars, and eschatologists among the race of Caine believe _ ing a fledgling into “full” vampire status as a neonate.

that the ghosts have a complex and immortal empire of In the Camarilla, one may not Become until her sire

their own beyond the Veil, and that those with whom deems her ready and gains the Prince’s approval.

the Kindred come in contact are those somehow exiled Book of Nod, The: A collection of Kindred legend
, 3

from the realms of the Underworld. Certainly, Cainites 44 history

kill enough of their vessels to create no few ghosts of : . ;

their own, and it’s often a cold confrontation with real- Beast, The: The inchoate drives and urges that

ity when one discovers that he’s haunted by the shade threaten to turn a vampire into a mindless, ravening

of his 

--- CHUNK 26 ---
last bloody conquest. monster.

Blood: A vampire’s heritage; that which makes a

And Everything Else vampire a vampire. Usage: I doubt her claims to such
esteemed Blood.

Demons. Devils. Mummies. Shapeshifters. Golems. ; DET
Creations of abused science or perverted natural law. blood bond: A mystical power over another individs
These and more might occupy some tenebrous corner ual engendered by partaking of a particular vampire’s
of the World of Darkness, wielding powers heretofore blood thrice; accepting blood from a vampire is an ac-
unseen by the Kindred or perhaps known only to cults knowledgment of her mastery.
or secret societies. Whatever nightmare form a horror —_ Caitiff: A vampire of unknown Clan, or of no Clan
takes, it’s probably out there, seething, hating both at all. Caitiff are typically of high Generation, where
the world of the living and the shadow world of the Caine’s blood is too diluted to pass on any consistent
Damned. Tread carefully, Kindred. characteristics.

Camarilla, The: A Sect of vampires devoted primar-
ily to maintaining the Traditions, particularly that of
the Masquerade.

32 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
childe: A vampire created through the Embrace — Hunger, The: The urge to feed. For vampires, the
the childe is the progeny of her sire. This term is of- Hunger replaces all other drives with its own powerful
ten used derogatorily, indicating inexperience. Plural call.
childer. Inconnu: A Sect of vampires who have removed

Clan: A group of vampires who share common char- themselves from Kindred concerns and, largely, the
acteristics passed on by the blood. There are 13 known Jyhad. Many Methuselahs are rumored to exist among
Clans, all of which were reputedly founded by mem- _ the Inconnu.
bers of the Third Generation. Jyhad, The: The secret, self-destructive war waged

coterie: A small group of Kindred, united by the between the Generations. Elder vampires manipulate
need for support and sometimes common interests. In _ their lessers, using them as pawns in a terrible game
the Sabbat, coteries are called “packs.” whose rules defy comprehension.

diablerie: The consumption of another Kindred’s Kindred: The race of vampires as a whole, or a single
blood, to the point of the victim’s Final Death. Vam- vampire. According to rumor, this term came about in
pires may lower their Generation permanently through the 15th or 16th century, after the Great Anarch Re-
this abhorrent practice. volt. Sabbat vampires scorn the term, preferring the

domain: The area of a particular vampire’s influence. word “Cainite” instead.

Princes claim entire cities as their domains, sometimes Kiss, The: To drink blood, especially from a mortal.

allowing lesser vampires to claim domain within. The Kiss causes feelings of ecstasy in those who receive
elder: A vampire who has experienced at least two it:

or more centuries of unlife. Elders are the most active Lupine: A werewolf, the natural and mortal enemy

participants in the Jyhad. of the vampire race. Plural Lupines.

Elysium: A place where vampires may gather with- Lush: A vampire who typically feeds from drugged
out fear of harm (although some Sects, such as the or drunk mortals in order to experience their inebria-
Sabbat, respect Elysium less than the Camarilla does). tion.

Elysium is commonly established in opera houses, the- Life, The: A euphemism for mortal blood. Many
aters, museums, and other locations of culture. Kindred regard this term as affected and effete.

Embrace, The: The act of transforming a mortal into Man, The: The mote of humanity that a vampire
a vampire. The Embrace requires the vampire to drain maintains; the spark of mortality that distinguishes
at a and then replace that victim’s blood with a fim from the Beast.

it of her own.

: ; : Masquerade, The: The habit (or Tradition) of hid-

Final Death, The: When a vampire ceases C0 xis, ing the existence of vampires from humanity. Designed
crossing the line from undeath into death. to protec

--- CHUNK 27 ---
t vampires from destruction at the hands of

fledgling: A newly created vampire, still under her mankind, the Masquerade was adopted after the Inqui-
sire’s protection. sition claimed many Kindred unlives.

Gehenna: The rumored Armageddon when the An- Prince: A vampire who has claimed a given expanse
tediluvians will rise from their torpor and devour the — of domain as her own, generally a city, and supports
race of vampires and the world. that claim against all others. The term can refer to a

Generation: The number of “steps” between a vam- Kindred of either sex. In the Sabbat, this Cainite is
pire and the mythical Caine; how far descended from called the “Archbishop,” and in Anarch cities she is
the First Vampire a given vampire is. called the “Baron.

ghoul: A minion created by giving a bit of vampiric Rogue: A vampire who feeds upon the vitae of other
vitae to a mortal without draining her of blood first Cainites, out of necessity or depravity.

(which would create a vampire instead). Sabbat, The: A Sect of vampires that rejects human-
haven: A vampire’s “home”; where she finds sanctu- ity; embracing their monstrous natures. The Sabbat
ary from the sun. is bestial and violent, preferring to lord over mortals
rather than hide from them.
VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 33
Sect: A group of vampires arguably united under a Gentry: A Kindred who preys at nightclubs, bars,
common philosophy. The three most widely known and other establishments of the “red-light district.”
Sects currently populating the night are the Camarilla, Golconda: A fabled state of vampiric transcendence;
the Sabbat, and the Anarch Movement. the true mastery of the Beast and balance of oppos-

sire: A vampire’s “parent”; the Kindred who created ing urges and principles. Rumored to be similar to
her. mortal nirvana, Golconda is greatly touted but rarely

vessel: A source of vitae for sustenance or pleasure, achieved.
primarily mortal. Humanitas: The extent to which a Kindred still
maintains her humanity.
Old Form ;
; . kine: A term for mortals, largely contemptuous. The

The elders typically use these turns of phrase, which hrase “Ki an

; ; ° phrase “Kindred and kine” refers to the world at large;
have existed since long before the modern nights. One :
: J : everything.
is advised to use these words carefully — in some com- : ,
pany, their use may be seen as humorously anachro- Leech: A human who drinks vampire blood, yet ac-
nistic, while in the company of Anarchs, for example, knowledges no master.
they may be misconstrued as elders’ propaganda. Lextalionis: The code of the Kindred and the system

Amaranth: The act of consuming another Kindred’s for punishing transgression; the blood hunt. It suggests

blood, q.v. diablerie. Hammurabian or Biblical justice — an eye for an eye,
‘ « ” F and punishment in keeping with the grievance.
ancilla: A “proven” vampire, between the elders and
the neonates. Plural ancillae. lineage: A vampire’s bloodline; the Kindred’s sire,
s . ; sire’s sire, etc.

Antediluvian: A member of the dreaded Third Gen- , , ;

eration, one of the eldest Kindred in existence. ; Methuselah: A voles wpe has existed for a mil-

; ticipat
antitribu: An “anti-Clan,” or one whohasturnedher poy ee ye On ger PaaS
in Kindred society. Methuselahs are rumored to hail

back on the Sect that her Clan has founded (usually by . :

= = ? from the Fourth and Fifth Generations.

joining the Sabbat). Some antitribu have evolved into

new bloodlines. neonate: A young Kindred, recently Embraced.

Autarkis: A Kindred who remains outside the larger Papillon: The red-light district; the area of town
vampire society of a given city and often refuses to ac- punctuated by drinking establishments, brothels, amg
knowledge the claim of a Prince, Archbishop, or Baron. bling houses, and other locales of ill repute. The prime

hunting grounds of a city, where the disappearance

blood oath: See blood bond. . . A

of mortals goes hand in hand with the area’s

--- CHUNK 28 ---
 general

Cainite: A vampire; a member of the race of Caine. — seediness.

Canaille: The bovine masses of humanity, especially progeny: All of a given vampire’s childer, collectively.
the ae and unsavory The Canaille are viewed praxis: The right of Princes to govern; the Prince’s
prmarty 48 a source oF sustenance. claim to domain. This term also refers to the Prince’s

Cauchemar: A vampire who feeds exclusively on matters of policy and individual edicts and motions.
sleeping victims. regnant: A Kindred who holds a blood bond over

consanguineous: Literally, “of the same blood,” gen- another.
erally denotes lineage. retainer: A human who serves a vampiric master.

Cunctator: A vampire who avoids killing when de- This term is almost archaic, referring to a time when
livering the Kiss; one who takes so little blood as to vampires kept vast entourages of mortal servants as
avoid bringing about her prey’s death. part of their estates.

domitor: A ghoul’s master; one who feeds her blood Siren: A vampire who seduces mortals in order to
and issues her commands. drink from them, and then only takes a small quantity

Footpad: One who feeds from derelicts and other of blood, so as to avoid killing them.
chaff of society. Footpads may not maintain permanent Suspire: The rumored epiphany experienced just
havens. prior to the attainment of Golconda.

34 CHAPTER ONE: A WORLD OF DARKNESS
Third Mortal, The: Caine, who was cast out and Casanova: A vampire who seduces mortals to take
became the First Vampire. their blood, but does not kill them. Casanovas typi-

thrall: A vampire under the effects of a blood bond, cally erase the memory of their presence from their
having drunk another Kindred’s blood thrice. vessels’ minds (see Cauchemar).

vitae: Blood. Change, The: The moment an individual ceases to

b tal and b f the Kindred.

whelp: A derogatory term for a young Kindred, origi- ea renee NG comes Ole © ; ° mare F
nally used with exclusive reference to one’s own progeny. Damned, The: The race of Cainites; all vampires.

Wight: Human; man; a mortal. donor: A sarcastic term for a vessel, typically hu-

Witch-hunter: A mortal who searches out and dee"
stroys vampires. Farmer: A term of mockery for vampires who refuse

, . to feed on human blood, instead taking sustenance

Whig: A contemptuous term for a vampire who pos- from animals

sesses an interest in mortal trends and fashions. ,
fief: A sarcastic term for a vampire’s domain or claim
Vulgar Argot thereof, most commonly used in reference to a Prince.

These terms are slang, the modern equivalents of head: A Kindred who feeds upon those who have im-
older turns of phrase which have fallen out of favor due — bibed alcohol or drugs, so as to vicariously experience
to their association with the elder ranks. These words the same sensations. Those Kindred who prefer indi-
are associated with the younger Kindred, who seek to vidual drugs have their “poison” prefixed to the term
establish their own vampiric cultures. head (e.g., methhead, dopehead, smackhead).

Alleycat: A vampire who keeps no permanent haven, Headhunter: A vampire who hunts and feeds from
but sleeps in a different location each night. This term other Kindred (see Rogue).
also refers to a vampire who feeds exclusively from the se _—

: juicebag: A contemptuous term for mortals, indicat-
homeless, vagrants, and other elements of low society. ; : woul
ing that their sole use is for sustenance. Also “juice
banking: The practice of “withdrawing” blood from box.”
blood banks and hospital reserves. This blood has little Lick: A vampire; one of the race of Kindred.
taste, though it will sustain a vampire, and elder Kin- f a
dred eschew this base indulgence. A Kindred who en- Rack, The: The hunting ground of choice, includ-
gages in this practice is known as a Banker. a Pe ina aed dens, whorehowes a one
’ t t

Black Hand: A mistaken misnomer for the Sabbat as Hane (see Pap illon). eee EO SSIS onal
a whole used by Camarilla vampires (the Bla

--- CHUNK 29 ---
ck Hand is P -, , ;
actually a faction within the Sabbat). takes A aie eee eG the vk especially in

the interest i try).

Blister: A vampire “Typhoid Mary” who contracts a € Interest in see Sentry ;
mortal disease and spreads it to each vessel upon whom ‘Sandman: A vampire who feeds only upon sleeping
hel feeds: victims.

bloodline: 1) A vampire’s heritage (see lineage). 2) slumming: The practice of feeding from derelicts,
A pedigree of vampires similar to a Clan, but that can- the homeless, and other dregs of society; one who does
not trace their creation back to one of the Third Gen- this regularly is known as a Slummer.
eration. Stalker: A mortal who hunts down and destroys

blood doll: A mortal who freely gives her blood to a Kindred (see Witch-hunter).
vampire. Most blood dolls gain a perverse satisfaction Tease: A term for a female Casanova.
from the Kiss, and actively seek out vampires who will turf: 1) A modern affectation used in reference to a
take their vitae. domain. 2) The area under a given gang’s influence.

Butterfly: One who mingles among the mortal high- Vegetary: A term of contempt for one who drinks
ee clement and feeds exclusively from the famous exclusively from animals (see Farmer).
and wealthy.

VAMPIRE THE MASQUERADE 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITION 35


