--- CHUNK 0 ---
\ y ~ .
|
| VAM PRES
. 7 .
Y
to interact with humans outside a predator-prey context ‘ : / Ta \
drops as well. Y YY
we \ ‘
HUMANITY DICE ADDED TO TORPOR LENGTH > NY NY
RESIST FRENZY / 7 Jn .
Humanity 9 3 Three days vA V4 Waa \ y f°
Humanity 8 2 One week A a Y¥
Humanity 7 2 ‘Two weeks mei ‘
Humanity 6 2 One month Y a , /*
Humanity 7 | One year 7 ee . 4 ‘\ A
Humanity 4 | One decade . 2 f s
Humanity 3 | Five decades | ra R Q fi ‘
pT =
Humanity 2 0 One century oY . »°
Humanity | 0 Five centuries * 4 a \
= A
Losing the Last Drop rr .
\ vampire who loses the last point of Humanity, fro1 = » ~~ {) y
\tcributes and scores increase to 5 for that scene; if they ~\ Be ‘
survive this wassail they become a wight, lost to the will of ‘ A i
the Blood, and an SP« “A & \
Both Storytellers and players will likely have ideas for S > * .
a suitably dramatic and characterful final scene for such . \ Se y
a vampire; don’t waste the wassail on incidental scenery : s ( &
damage. q Fs % &*. — ,
Increasing Humanity - eS
Vampires can only increase Humanity by selflessly involv- —_ \ \ ~, \
ing themselves in human life and human concerns. In- = ; !A . ba »
creasing Humanity should be a major personal story arc, yi" | ~4 ) \ 4 “ em
involving (at least) the gaining of a new Touchstone and the \ LES yal
deliberate turning away from Kindred society and power. ee
Some extraordinarily humane in-game actions (endow- g -
ing and non-murderously protecting a museum or hospital, a # ; Y bi
for example) might allow a player to buy Humanity with . = / Sennyngy99999999
experience points at a cost of 10 x the new Humanity rat- INIT TeseaasaanasnnaneTeeS,
ing. This purchase remains at the Storyteller’s discretion, aa ee
and some Storytellers might not allow experience points to 0 Ry
purchase Humanity at all. tea, %.4 ‘
Some of the arts and practices of Golconda may also }
allow the increase of Humanity, but those remain for the i} ;
Storyteller to determine and reveal f ‘ j
- I
2 | (
i ;
+» z
| ty, 4
¢ >
a
. ee 7
BS ee ea A erie = ana Pi Fal 7 es
2 eee ot athe Len ce : ec
hs A oi SEL? ‘. 5 ig = eT i Pree x ay + > eit
Moray Rt 43 jae este el pt gear Sie a agree ee oe ens
op ee os. Rat Beg iy nee, ;, eee Pele ee a ‘Pes: en nei ees SS 2A re
Coat Se es ere eS Re" 2 ee ae
eee: Ay af 1 Sere eas Fd = ee a ay et Ras. peace. Rs, [aa
ee a Es F
Ve: “Vee a Sak re i < [ jm 2" of ” , Hila ins
ie gees ae eee eet x me 4 ar i= —ai we © Se Saat vine aes
a = ari eee . a 2 ce oe ‘ i\ " p» @ ie! <a ies
Pa = Saas Ree year eae eee ie _— - we 4 a —_ ; ia +. Os
— a ag eer ees oF a. , Sea =e
— oie aN > w« = as 4 Bn
; 7 mS —— Wceety seer —— -™= * ae Pe § | oes
C-_—  —§ ' oY iii
it “a A a 4 oa — seal , age pi a Bet ze
oy | ae 44 2 a 4 , Se ae “a . * | - ee. a.
ete: ety a Bh seem in » ee —l—7a a ™ at —— es
adit ad as rhe ie 4 A a5 Su —_— ff > ae *) ee po aa 3
a —————aEEE
i So “ net ad 9 zl 7. = Sale = — a aan
ee eG ite ree a rer na) Ea ——— : i ae, ao ay BB . a, wee
i. eo eee cul est eae en Soe c_ = a” ‘Ss Se foe oe
a aceth . pa, 2 tary eet ene f — A F . ia: - a
en, i eer Soi ae i i —.. a _ A oa Saal = — ae. ey
=. a 2 aE eras gr oe a — Vieaae!
Eee scales’ ae: ee Fete ee a zy: — — - a F Pe Ty oe icc ee
—_— * eee A ee ane Si eee 2 _— Fe, a —
Se. be Se ag a ie Pie. ae a
Nem ahns ror 2 oe te Gees 1 =e i. Fe a | ce 2 el ae SS
a The ab ee oo as cee ie: “ee — | «Se: pre Sp 3 ao, : — -
0 Pt << i
‘ et = et ae & a Le ere = - ne 7 oe my 7 Bite (4
an ap. te Soe ere : - i" r. ma re a —* ae a) oon
+ co aah is) oe yee ee » a 7 a ‘ ae am re ae a 5 a
Sa 4 ee — o 2 Lala ie ep: has ® ss ae wale a
= ie ae a 7. ae = = % a SE em ey es _ _
- pepeer ie ijn Be a cs ea a, a ia oe: eos oe ‘ ae faa
> er a La 4 Ln 0 .—l a) 4 ——— mete ne d
mee OR igs | ah eee ar 3 ey a eae oS eas, 5p tan, & ;
Le: eee 7s rd = aes, aed a —— he ee a See + = :
ar aa od Fon a Fras re ae a = + ae ire ioe SS — *
as CP ee» eat cam < a i . | ——— ——  . re =. = “
i yo hs ft. — a See ee age
aie io:
DISCIPLINES
. Barly tan 2 eae ha,
ree = 9 Oy 2 rs : c
char

--- CHUNK 1 ---
 es 7 @ a
But supposing that there be any reality in the fact of these ap-
paritions of vampires, shall they be attributed to God, to angels,
to the spirits of these ghosts, or to the devil? In this last case, will
it be said that the devil will subtilize these bodies, and give them
power to penetrate through the ground without disturbing, to glide
through the cracks and joints of a door, to pass through a keyhole,
to lengthen or shorten themselves, to reduce themselves to the na-
ture of air, or water, to evaporate through the ground ...
- ABBE AUGUSTIN CALMET, TREATISE ON APPARITIONS
$s soon as a mortal receives the Em- inhuman physical prowess, and perceive reality from
brace, they receive access to the pow- the vantage of predators, looking down upon prey.
ers colloquially known as Disciplines. Younger Kindred may only possess a few token pow-
Developed from the temperaments of ers, but even those minor gifts still provide an edge
victims consumed and refined to devastating poten- over the rank and file kine. Ancillae wield Disciplines
tial, vampires bring these Blood-borne gifts to bear with enough might to crush their lessers, and the
against foes and prey. Disciplines remind the Damned elders, horrifyingly arrayed with these nightmare
of their separation from mortals, as the vitae in their weapons, become unassailable against all but the
veins allows them to subjugate others, demonstrate most-prepared attackers.
243
COREBOOK
Note that she cannot pick the your life,” as those old stories used to
General Rules amalgam power Enduring Beasts at go. Well ic got weird fucking quickly.
any level, as she lacks the prerequi- ‘The previously clear, still night filled
LEARNING DISCIPLINES Vampire site of one dot in Animalism. with che baying howls and whines of
rates Disciplines ona scale from I don’t know... rwo dozen dogs? This
one to five dots, just like other USING POWERS Unless otherwise small black guy just stared at me. His
Traits. A character gains dots ina stated, a vampire can activate a Dis- face was changing, becoming less... or
Discipline either at character crea- cipline at any time; this takes liccle more... | don’t know. He looked like
tion or by purchasing them with time or overt action. Powers do not a rottweiler, He told me “Remember
experience points later. In order to usually activate retroactively; they this. You fuck with a Rat, youd better
spend experience points on this, a respond to, rather than interrupt, learn to run.” I felt something in me
a character usually needs to feed actions taken against the user. A breaking, and I was running.
on the matching Resonance (see vampire can activate one Discipline I shouldn’t have looked behind
p. 226). To later learn a completely power per turn. Any number of pow- me. I don’t know how many dogs were
new Discipline that is not one of ers can be active simultaneously. chasing me down the fucking high
their Clan Disciplines, the charac- Vampires add dice equal to half street, but loads of people saw it, as |
ter also needs to taste the Blood of their Blood Potency (rounded down) screamed and spluttered and cried out
someone who possesses it. to their dice pools to use or resist for help. When those dogs brought me
Disciplines (see Blood Potency, p. down and started biting me, | thought
SELECTING POWERS Every time a 215). they'd eat me alive. But the weirdest
character gains a dot in a Disci- General rules for specific Dis- thing... It’s like they knew when to
pline they choose one power from ciplines appear in the Characteris- stop. ‘They just... ‘They just fucked me
among the listed, either from their tics section of each Discipline. up! Now look at me. No fingers. No
new Discipline level or below. toes. No fucking nose or ears. I still see
Vampire characters normally have that motherfucker’s staring eyes when-
an equal number of dots and pow- Amalgam P owers ever I blink and I hear those fucking
ers ina Discipline -no more, no Certain rare powers require dogs whene

--- CHUNK 2 ---
ver I sleep.
less. proficiency in more than one
Discipline. Characters must also Nicknames: Doolittling, Taming,
Tr pins possess the listed number of dots Bestiae Sermo
EXAMPLE: in the other Discipline to take
At character creation, Martha has these powers. For the purpose of Perhaps the vampire has more in
gained rwo dots of Fortitude. With type and other classification these common with animal than hu-
the first dot she can choose either powers count as belonging to both man. A dangerous set of instincts
of the level one powers, picking Disciplines. drive them, and it takes a lot for
Resilience. At the second dot she can them to withhold the urge to just
choose either Unswayable Mind (the lash out.. Much like a wild dog
second level 1 power) or Toughness, . . on a chain, a vampire’s Beast will
the level 2 power. She picks Unsway- Animalism never truly be tamed.
able mind. When she later gains It was like something out ofa horror Some Kindred find a way of
her third dot, she can pick either movie. I just saw this guy walking by becoming one with their Beasts.
Toughness or any on the level three himself, noticed he had a bulging wal- Those who do are the masters
powers: Defy Bane or Fortify the let in his back pocket, and held him up. of Animalism. Some accompany
Inner Facade. You know, as you do? It shoulda been the use of this power with howls,
semen pian a simple transaction. “Your money or snarls, and roars, or communi-
244
DISCIPLINES
cate with animals in the animal’s Level 1 regular basis, the famulus does
“language,” though this is an af- not age.
fectation and not a necessity. BOND FAMULUS

The Animalism Discipline When Blood Bonding an animal, SENSE THE BEAST
sees much use among vampires the vampire can make it a famulus, The vampire can sense the Beast
who struggle to fit in or have no forming a mental link with it and present in mortals, vampires, and
taste for living among mortals. facilitating the use of other Ani- other supernaturals, gaining a sense
Often classed as one of Caine’s malism powers. While this power of their nature, hunger, and hostil-
gifts of utility, allowing a vam- alone does not allow two-way com- ity.
pire to thrive on unrefined blood munication with the animal, it can @ Cost: Free
or form companionship with follow simple verbal instructions @ Dice Pools: Resolve + Animal-
non-sapient beings, it is alsoa such as “stay” and “come here." It ism vs Composure + Subterfuge
devastating weapon against vam- attacks in defense of itself and its m@ System: Roll Resolve + Animal-
pires who cling to their towers, master but cannot otherwise be ism vs Composure + Subter-
and against inquisitors who sus- persuaded to fight something it fuge. A win allows the user to
pect their enemies will only come would not normally attack. sense the level of hostility ina
on two legs. A swarm of blood- @ Dice Pools: Charisma + Animal target (whether the person is
hungry rats invading a Kindred’s Ken prepared to do harm or even
penthouse haven, the Animalism- @ Cost: The animal must be determined to cause it) and
proficient vampire who cows the fed the user’s Blood on three determine whether they harbor
Sheriffs Beast in Elysium, or the separate nights, each of which a supernatural Beast, marking
beady-eyed raven that spies on a requires a Rouse Check by them as a vampire or were-
Society of St. Leopold chapter all the user. The amount of Blood wolf, On a win, a critical gives
serve to strengthen Animalism needed to sustain the ghoul- the user information on the
practitioners, and weaken their state of the animal after this is exact type of creature, as well
foes. negligible. Players starting with as their Hunger or Rage level.
this power have completed this This power can be used both
process and can chose a famu- actively and passively, warning
Characteristics lus for free. the user of aggressive intent in
By default Animalism powers m@ System: Without the use of their immediate vicinity.
involving animals can only be u

--- CHUNK 3 ---
sed Feral Whispers, below, giv- @ Duration: Passive
on vertebrates. Additionally, any ing commands to the animal
use of the ability on herbivores requires a Charisma + Animal
adds one to the Difficulty of skill Ken roll (Difficulty 2); increase Level 2
rolls involved. Difficulty for more complex or-
m@ Type: Mental ders. A vampire can only have FERAL WHISPERS
@ Masquerade threat: Low to me- one famulus, but can get a new The vampire can commune with
dium. While talking to animals one if the current one dies. A the beasts of the wild and the city.
might seem eccentric, only the vampire can use Feral Whispers Feral Whispers allows two-way
most violent applications of (Animalism 2) and Subsume communication with animals. A
the Discipline elicit more than the Spirit (Animalism 4) on cat might not be interested in
a few raised eyebrows. their famulus for free. debating Matisse’s use of color but
@ Blood Resonance: Animal @ Duration: Only death releases a happily discusses the lack of prey
blood, preferably feral. famulus once bound. As long as around the brownstone building
it receives vampire Blood on a across the street. Depending on the
245
COREBOOK
vampire’s skill, they can even per- Level 3 affected thus become apathetic,
suade animals to perform services; unable to take any actions other
like humans, animals seldom agree ANIMAL SUCCULENCE than to stay alive, while vampires’
to things that go against their ‘The vampire can slake additional bestial urges temporarily abate, for
nature or endanger them. Hunger by feeding on animals. In better or worse.

Vampires can also use Feral addition, the vampire can consume HM Cost: One Rouse Check
Whispers to summon a chosen type its famulus, gaining nourishment far @ Dice Pools: Charisma + Ani-
of animal (see Animalism limita- beyond what would be gained from malism vs Stamina + Resolve
tions above) but the animals must an animal of similar stature and ab- a System: Roll Charisma + Ani-
be present to answer. Nothing pre- sorbing asliver of its primary trait. malism vs Stamina + Resolve.
vents a vampire trying to summon @ Cost: Free A win against a mortal target
an orca in Central Park, but success m@ System: Feeding from animals incapacitates them for that
seems unlikely. Summoned animals slakes 1 additional Hunger, and scene, instilling severe leth-
listen to the summoner, but scatter the vampire counts their Blood argy. They act only to preserve
or attack if endangered. Potency as two levels lower in themselves, not against the user
& Dice Pools: Manipulation + regards to penalties to slaking or anyone else. A win against

Animalism, Charisma + Ani- Hunger from animal blood. a vampire prevents the target

malism Consuming one's famulus from performing Blood Surges.
M Cost: One Rouse Check per slakes 4 Hunger, regardless of While their Beast is quelled,

type of animal chosen for the animal size. This act can never vampires do not score messy
scene. Allows one summoning remove the final Hunger die. criticals. Against vampires,

and unlimited communication. In addition, consuming one's this power lasts a turn plus a

Free when used on famulus. famulus increases the vampire’s number of turns equal to the
m@ System: Simple communica- Attribute most associated with win margin on the contest. A

tion requires no dice pool that animal (as determined critical win against a vampire

test. Persuading an animal to by the Storyteller) by two target also ends their frenzy.

perform a service requires a dots. Consuming a cat might @ Duration: One scene, or a

Manipulation + Animalism raise Dexterity or Composure; number of turns equal to the

roll; the Difficulty depends consuming a dog might raise test margin plus one.

on the task required. Having a Charisma or Resolve. Storytell-

bird keep an eye out for any- ers may vary the reward from UNLIVING HIVE

one entering the park at night famulus consumption: draining i Amalgam: Obfuscate 2

is Difficulty 3, while ordering an owl might raise the Attri

--- CHUNK 4 ---
b-

any animal to defend a place ute in any perception pool by Most often seen amongst the

with their lives is Difficulty 6. two dots, or in pools involy- Nosferatu, this unnerving power

Summoning animals uses ing wise decision making. The allows the user to extend their ani-

a Charisma + Animalism roll; bonus lasts until the vampire’s mal influence to swarms of insects

Difficulty depends on the scar- next feeding or until their such as flies or roaches. Certain

city of the animals summoned. Hunger reaches 5. vampires even go so far as to adopt

The number of animals sum- @ Duration: Passive swarms as famuli, giving them a

moned depend on the margin permanent home within the folds

on the test; a critical win sum- QUELL THE BEAST and orifices of their malformed
mons most, if not all, animals By locking eyes with a target, the flesh.

of the type in the area. vampire cows their inner Beast @ Cost: No additional cost
@ Duration: One Scene into temporary slumber. Mortals m@ System: This power extends all

246
DISCIPLINES
powers previously restricted to the vampire’s body lies immobile @ System: Chose a type of animal
vertebrates to insect swarms, as if in torpor. and make a Charisma + Ani-
treating a swarm as a single M@ Cost: One Rouse Check. Free if malism roll with a Difficulty
creature. The vampire can bind used on famulus. depending on the nature of the
the swarm as a famulus, and Dice Pools: Manipulation + animals and the order given.
some even give it the ability to Animalism Getting a flock of crows to
nest inside the cavities of their m@ System: Make a Manipulation disperse and look for a specific
body. This hides the swarm + Animalism test; Difficulty individual (given some means
from sight while allowing it 4. Ona win, the vampire can of identifying their target) is
to nurse the minute amounts inhabit the animal’s body for relatively easy (Difficulty 3), but
of Blood needed to sustain it one scene. On a critical win, getting a pack of dogs to give
indefinitely. While nested, the the vampire can inhabit the their lives in a suicidal attack
swarm is undetectable by any- animal indefinitely. on another vampire is more
thing less than X-rays. Extending this possession ofa challenge (Difficulty 5).

Swarms do little damage into the daylight hours requires The power does not allow the
in combat. They have Health the vampire to stay awake (p. user to summon animals, but
5 and a pool of 8 dice to resist 219); seeing the sun requires a compels those already present
attacks. Swarms take Superfi- test for fear frenzy though the to obey. The vampire can com-
cial damage from Brawl; flame sunlight does not damage the mand the animals to return
and insecticide cause Aggravat- animal being ridden. The user after completing their task, if
ed damage. Vampires can use remains oblivious to their orig- they have means to do so.
swarms for spying, as distrac- inal body, but harm to it pulls @ Duration: A single scene or
tions (resulting in a two-dice them out of the trance and re- until the directive is fulfilled,
penalty on any roll for a single leases the animal. Death of the whichever is shortest.
swarmed individual), or to in- possessed animal also ends the
timidate mortals (add between trance, and the vampire takes a DRAWING OUT THE BEAST
one and three dice to Intimida- point of Aggravated Willpower ‘The vampire can project their
tion pools, depending on the damage from the shock. Beast at the moment of terror or
type of insect and the victim’s @ Duration: A scene / indefi- fury frenzy, transferring it into a
phobias). Players and Storytell- nitely (see above) nearby subject, either mortal or
ers can doubtlessly come up vampire. That person immediately
with even more creative uses of experiences the frenzy instead,
this power. Level 5 going on a merciless rampage or
@ Duration: Passive fleeing in terror depending on the
ANIMAL DOMINION trigger.
The power the vampire holds over @ Cost: One Rouse Check
Level 4 beasts is now great 

--- CHUNK 5 ---
enough to com- Dice Pools: Wits + Animalism
mand flocks and packs as if they vs Composure + Resolve
SUBSUME THE SPIRIT were extensions of their own body. m@ System: Instead of the Will-
The vampire can completely trans- Ata gesture, animals lay down power roll to resist a terror or
fer its mind into the body ofan their lives by the dozens, even fury frenzy, roll Wits + Animal-
animal. They can control the ani- hundreds, to appease their master. ism vs Composure + Resolve of
mal and use its senses freely, even Cost: Two Rouse Checks the target. If the user fails, they
during the day should they manage @ Dice Pools: Charisma + Animal- enter frenzy as though they had
to stay awake. While doing this, ism failed the Willpower roll. On a
247
COREBOOK
win, the target experiences that that intrusion and am convinced the
frenzy instead of the user. Later only way I can stop it is by killing the
stimuli can still provoke frenzy woman responsible. That’s why I was
in the user, but they can use recruited by the government. All I have
this power as long as they can to go on is the word “Asylum,” but I
make Rouse Checks and fur- | won't stop until her laughing does.
ther targets remain available. {
This power cannot transfer | Nicknames: Voyeurism, Scrying,
a hunger frenzy. | Anima Visus
@ Duration: Frenzy duration (see
p. 220) Among the greatest gifts and
worst curses afflicting vampires,
| the Discipline of Auspex allows
= Kindred to discern truth from lies,
Auspex ’ . probe the minds of those around
Ican still feel it, yeah? Inmy head. | them, and perceive reality ona
I call it “it” even though I know it’s | 4 different level than other beings.
her. She got inside my damn head and Al What appears to be the ultimate
won't stop laughing. She got in there ad power in foresight and vision
and won’t shut up! I’m sorry. I can be a grants its wielders perhaps too
calm. First I thought God was answer- ¢ much knowledge. They may detect
m ) ing my prayers. It said it wanted to get iS WT an assassin’s blade before it strikes
to know me and I'd been so lonely. It Ss or get into an enemy’s head to turn
started telling me things about myself 4 them around, but they can also
I'd forgotten. It knew every part of me. i ae sense every shift in emotion, good
It felt nice, I guess, for someone to take did : : P q 6a x, and bad, see things they wish they
an interest. / > 7 ie ‘4 { had not, and discern futures they
But then it started using my brain > ; iS ‘ may not wish to explore. Users of
against me. It started telling me what q g 4 Auspex invite paranoia, but using
I was going to do before I did it. Ir | z y it is addictive. Once you know the
started telling me that if I didn’t dance \ truth rests within your grasp, you
to its cune, I'd never be free of it. I ; seek it out at every opportunity.
didn’t want to be alone, but I didn’t Kindred use Auspex in many
like where this was going. That’s why I \ \ ways. Some vampires act as spies
took the drill to my head. \ - for their courts or factions. Others
The thing is, and listen: ’'m not act on their own, blackmailing
crazy. I know crazy, and I know I look | mortals and immortals with secrets
crazy, but P’'m not. What I was dealing 9 gleaned from quiet conversa-
with was something, someone, project- i, ] tions, subtle emotional shifts, and
ing her mind into mine and picking me i, | telepathic intrusion. Auspex allows
apart when I was at my most vulner- Xi, ‘ its user to play the role of domain
able. I scill don’t know why she did it wilh i eS detective, studying the scene of a
other than for some cheap thrills and 1 \ vampire’s destruction for tell-tale
the combination to my company safe, MY spiritual clues or interrogating
but now I’m left with the memory of : " suspects with unnatural accuracy.
> , ue
W A A Wal
MI ia
DISCIPLINES
Characteristics @ Duration: Until deactivated. Level 2
Storytellers may wish to make Having the power active for
Auspex rolls for characters in order longer stretches of time with- 

--- CHUNK 6 ---
PREMONITION
to more convincingly provide out rest (more than a scene), The vampire experiences flashes of
wrong or incomplete answers after especially so for high-stimulus insight. These may take the form
failed rolls. environments, might necessi- of raised hackles, sudden inspira-
m@ Type: Mental tate spending Willpower, at the tion or even vivid visions. While
Masquerade threat: Low. Aus- Storyteller’s discretion. never too precise, these visions can
pex never by itself manifests in nudge the vampire out of harm’s
a way visible to the naked eye SENSE THE UNSEEN way or reveal a truth previously
or causes effects that can’t be The senses of the vampire become overlooked.
rationalized, if only as dumb attuned to dimensions beyond the B® Cost: Free or one Rouse Check
luck. mundane, allowing them to sense B Dice Pools: Resolve + Auspex
@ Blood Resonance: Phlegmatic. presences otherwise hidden from m@ System: Whenever the Story-
Artists (especially photog- the naked eye. This can be any- teller deems it appropriate,
raphers) and visionaries, thing from another vampire using this power gives the character
certain schizophrenics, users Obfuscate to someone using Aus- a sudden hint that aids them
of psychoactive substances, pex to spy upon the character to a in some way: letting them find
detectives. ghost in the middle of the room. a clue they’ve missed or saving
Dormant Blood Sorcery spells and them from danger. Whether it
rituals might also be found with gives the character a sudden vi-
Level 1 this power, at the Storytellers sion of themselves walking into 2d
discretion. a trap, an inviting red glow
HEIGHTENED SENSES @ Cost: Free over the second right turn dur-
The vampire’s senses sharpen to a H Dice Pools: Wits + Auspex or ing a chase, or the brief flash of
preternatural degree, giving them Resolve + Auspex a skeleton beneath the floor-
the ability to see in pitch darkness, m@ System: Whenever there's boards in the Prince’s office,
hear ultrasonic frequencies and something supernatural hiding this power always gives the Sto-
smell the fear of cowering prey. in plain sight, the Storyteller ryteller license to subtly speed
@ Cost: Free (but see below) makes a hidden roll of Wits up play or move the story onto
Dice Pools: Wits + Resolve + Auspex against a Difficulty a desired track. The suggested
m@ System: The user adds their they choose. Against an entity limit is one premonition per
Auspex rating to all perception actively trying to stay hidden, scene, even if more than one
rolls. If exposed to extreme the Storyteller can call for a character has Premonition.
sensations, such as loud bangs, blind roll (“Lisa, roll seven dice @ The user can also actively pro-
flashes of intense light or for me”) as a contest against voke a premonition by focusing
overpowering smells while the the target’s relevant pool. (For on a subject, making a Rouse
power is active the user must example, detecting a vampire Check and rolling Resolve +
succeed on a Wits + Resolve using Obfuscate would be a Auspex. The number of success-
(Difficulty 3 or more) roll to roll of Wits + Auspex vs Wits es rolled determines the level of
dampen their senses in time, + Obfuscate) If the vampire insight on the subject, if any.
or the overload causes them to actively searches for a hidden @ Duration: Passive
sustain a -3 dice penalty to all supernatural entity, they roll
perception-based rolls for the Resolve + Auspex similarly.
rest of the scene. @ Duration: Passive
249
COREBOOK
Level 3 If scanning a crowd, roll Sense the Unseen can allow
versus a Difficulty de- the passenger to be noticed.
SCRY THE SOUL termined by the size of To get rid of an unwanted
By focusing on a person, the vam- the crowd and external rider, the victim must beat
pire can perceive the state of that distractions, as well as the the intruder at a Wits + Re-
person’s psyche as a shifting aura type of trait being sought. solve vs Wits + Resolve roll.
of colors. Auras reveal little pre- (Finding the 

--- CHUNK 7 ---
vampire in An Auspex user thrown out
cise information, but do provide the living room might only this way cannot make another
clues regarding many subjects, bea Difficulty 3, while Sharing attempt until the next
e.g., emotional state, Resonance, finding the most nervous night.
and supernatural traits. If look- person at a crowded rave is @ Duration: One scene
ing fora specific condition, the most likely Difficulty 6or
vampire can cursorily scan the higher.)
crowd to detect it. Such cursory @ Duration: One turn, or Story- Level 4
scans provide no further infor- teller’s discretion
mation. SPIRIT’S TOUCH
M@ Cost: One Rouse Check SHARE THE SENSES By touching an inanimate object
Dice Pools: Intelligence + Aus- By reaching out with their mind, or the ground at a location, the
pex vs Composure + Subterfuge the vampire can tap into the vampire can sense the emotional
m= System: Make an Intelligence senses of another mortal or vam- residue left by those who have
+ Auspex vs Composure + pire, seeing, hearing, and feeling handled that object or visited the
m ) Subterfuge roll. On a win, the what they do. The user still location in the past. The user gains
Storyteller truthfully answers retains their own perceptions insight into not only that person,
a number of questions equal and is still aware of their own but also what was done and under
to the margin of the roll about surroundings, though the effect what circumstances. While rarely
the target’s aura and psyche, requires some getting used to. crystal clear, the information often
including: The user decides whether to tap provides leads impossible to gain
0 The emotional state of the into only one, some, or all of the from regular forensics and deduc-
subject target’s senses. When used on a tion.
O The Resonance in the sub- stranger this power requires line @ Cost: One Rouse Check
ject’s blood of sight to initiate. However, it @ Dice Pools: Intelligence +
O Whether the subject is a can be used over longer distances Auspex
vampire, werewolf, ghoul on someone who still has some of m@ System: Make an Intelligence +
or any other supernatural the user’s Blood in their body. Auspex roll versus a Difficulty
being @ Cost: One Rouse Check depending on the information
O Whether the subject is un- Dice Pools: Resolve + Auspex sought. Gleaning the emotional
der the influence of Blood m@ System: Roll Resolve + state of the user of a murder
Sorcery or other magic Auspex at Difficulty 3. This weapon used a few days before
& Whether the subject has Difficulty can go up depend- is Difficulty 3, but sensing
committed diablerie in the ing on distraction, distance, the surroundings in which a
last year and other factors, such as the 300-year old letter was written
OQ A critical win allows amount of the user’s Blood approaches Difficulty 6or
discovery of something that remains in the target. higher. Each point of margin on
unexpected, as determined The target usually remains the roll allows the user to sense
by the Storyteller unaware of the intrusion, but roughly one additional previ-
250
DISCIPLINES
ous handler and set of circum- per point of margin; answers a Resolve + Auspex vs Resolve
stances, counting backwards about deliberately concealed + Intelligence conflict with the
from the most recent. information might consume victim in order to inhabit their

@ Duration: One turn more than one point. A critical body. If the vampire’s player
win reveals something major, rolls a total failure, the victim
Level 5 regardless of the questions becomes immune to further
asked, assuming there is some- Possession attempts for the
CLAIRVOYANCE thing to reveal. duration of the story.
By closing their eyes and entering a The vampire can also Once the vampire inhabits
light trance, the vampire becomes clairvoyantly monitor events in the body of their victim, their
master of its surroundings. Ina few progress, though this requires own body falls into a torpor-like
minutes it can gather information them to remain in the 

--- CHUNK 8 ---
area for trance, completely unaware of
from roughly a city-block sized area as long as the effect is active. their surrounding and their own
(more if outdoors or less populated) @ Duration: A few minutes for physical state except for Ag-
that would normally take many information gathering, up to a gravated damage, which breaks
hours, perhaps days of legwork and night for vigilance. the trance and ends the effects.
investigation. Once connected in A vampire possessing a mortal
such a way to their surroundings the POSSESSION can use Auspex, Presence, and
vampire can also receive informa- a Amalgam: Dominate 3 Dominate through them. If the
tion on anything happening out of user wishes to extend Possession
the ordinary in the area. With this power the vampire can into daytime, they must make
@ Cost: One Rouse Check strip the will of a mortal and com- aroll to stay awake (p. 219). 2d
Dice Pools: Intelligence + pletely possess their body, using it Failure to stay awake ends the
Auspex as their own. While the mind of the power. Any Aggravated damage
m@ System: Roll Intelligence + subject remains hidden to the vam- to the subject also risks ending
Auspex against a Difficulty pire, they can do anything and go the possession — the user must
based on the security and level anywhere the subject could while succeed at a Resolve + Auspex
of activity of the area. Using the power remains active. Using roll (Difficulty 2+ damage
Clairvoyance on one’s own this, a vampire can even experience taken) to stay in control. If the
mansion would be Difficulty 3 the sunlight, food, and physical subject dies during Possession,
while an unfamiliar city block sexuality long denied them, their the resulting spiritual trauma
in the slums of a major city host paying the price for whatever immediately causes the user to
would amount to 7 or more. abuse the vampire wreaks on their sustain three levels of Aggra-
The user adds their base Haven body while riding it. vated damage to Willpower.
rating in extra dice to the pool @ Cost: Two Rouse Checks This power does not give
when using Clairvoyance on Dice Pools: Resolve + Auspex the user the ability to read the
their own haven. vs Resolve + Intelligence mind, use the skills, or emulate
The Storyteller answers the @ System: This power can only be the manners of the victim. Any
vampire’s questions about the used on mortals. [f the mortal skills employed use the possess-
comings and goings in the area, isa ghoul, they must first be ing vampire’s rating. The user
what people have seen and Blood Bound to the user. Before must make a Manipulation +
heard, topics of local gossip, possession can begin, the vam- Performance vs Wits + Insight
recent major shocks or impres- pire must have eye contact with roll to successfully impersonate
sions, and so forth. The player their victim (See Dominate, p- the victim’s manners, expres-
can ask roughly one question 254). The user then engages in sions, and the like.
251
COREBOOK
Finally, Possession violates before rolling. natural creature, though it does more
the victim even more pro- @ Duration: Roughly one minute than grant a supernatural speed,
foundly than a Blood Bond. per Rouse Check. Increased with vampires employing it actually
The Storyteller should consider to a full scene on consenting appearing to think almost as fast as
awarding Stains for this action. subjects. they act. While some vampires use
@ Duration: Until ended, volun- . to slice and stab at enemies without
tarily or involuntarily. Celerity fear of riposte, others simply use it to
Report #600 — Unnatural Speed get from A to B faster than any other
TELEPATHY We have now observed on 37% occa- person on foot.
At the highest levels of Auspex sions the unnatural speed of the blank-
the vampire can now literally read body. The species is capable of bursts of Characteristics
minds, as well as project their own speed and grace, appearing before one of m@ Type: Physical
thoughts into the minds of others. us, moving to t

--- CHUNK 9 ---
he rear, and biting ‘from a Masquerade Threat: Medium-
While reading a mortal mind is behind in what is estimated to be fewer High. Most Celerity powers
relatively straightforward, undead than two seconds. Additionally, some are clearly inhuman, the only
minds requires a higher effort to rare blankbodies have shown they can saving grace being that they’re
penetrate. continue acting at this fast rate, appear- very hard to catch on film or
Cost: One Rouse Check (plus ing down the other end of a street in ten photograph.
one Willpower vs non-consent- seconds when it should take 60. @ Blood Resonance: Choleric.
ing vampires) There is no known remedy or Fear and utter terror, runners,
Dice Pools: Resolve + Auspex defense against this quickness, which athletes, amphetamine and al-
m ) vs Wits + Subterfuge acts as one of the greatest threats to our kaloid users, habitual players of
m@ System: The user is not termination of the species. It is supposed first-person shooters and other
required to roll any dice to that they require blood in their systems twitch games.
project their thoughts to to act in this way, but we do not know
another, vampire or mortal, how much or how long said blood fuels
though they do require line their actions. Level 1
of sight. To read the mind of Current protocol is co record blank-
a mortal within line of sight, bodies of this type from a distance. If CAT’S GRACE
roll Resolve + Auspex vs Wits cornered by one, permission is granted The vampire gains a balance and
+ Subterfuge while looking to detonate a microbomb on the agent’s grace equal to and surpassing
into their eyes. (Unless the person, as even the fast types do not world-class trapeze artists. They
mortal consents, in which show resistance to areas of fire or shrap- can walk and even run across
case no roll is required.) A nel. Slowing or destroying one of these ledges and wires effortlessly and
win means that the user can creatures is worth a single agent’s life. can keep their balance on the slim-
discern surface thoughts as a *at time of report. mest of supports.
stream of images, with higher @ Cost: Free
margin allowing the user to Nicknames: Bolting, Slipping, m@ System: The user automati-
probe for more distant or bur- Velocitas cally passes any Dexterity- or
ied memories. A critical win Athletics-based roll needed to
gives a coherent picture of the The ability to strike fast, dodge keep their balance. Note that
subject’s current thoughts and blows, and escape pursuers allows this power does not allow them
intentions. To read the mind Kindred to become extremely ef- to balance on support that can-
ofa non-consenting vampire, fective predators. Celerity enables not take their weight.
spend one Willpower point vampires to move faster than any @ Duration: Passive
252
DISCIPLINES
RAPID REFLEXES to teleport, a rush of wind the only
While their bodies still can’t sign of their passing.
defy the laws of nature, vampires @ Cost: One Rouse Check
with this power perceive events H Dice Pools: Dexterity + Athlet-
instantly and can react to them ics, or as needed
with superhuman alacrity. They HOW FAST IS FAST? m@ System: The vampire moves in
can observe incoming projectiles Vampire does not ask play- a straight line toward a target,
to the extent that they can attempt ers to move figures on a grid. covering any distance under 50
to dodge arrows and even bullets We don’t provide precise meters while still having enough
without available cover. meters-per-second equiva- time to perform an action, such
@ Cost: Free lents for the speeds attained as an attack, during the turn. If
m@ System: With this power, by Celerity, and even if we the terrain is in any way hazard-
vampires suffer no penalty did, not every combat turn ous, the character needs to make
to their defense pools for lasts the same number of sec- a Dexterity + Athletics roll to
lack of cover against Fire- onds. The Storyteller decides avoid stumbling and coming to
arms attacks. They can also how ma

--- CHUNK 10 ---
ny floors of a staircase a halt on the way. The Storytell-
take a minor action (see p. a vampire with Celerity climbs er may call for other contests as
298) worth up to two dice in a turn based on the results desired, especially if the vampire
per turn, such as readying or of the contest with its foes or races a distant foe to an object
reloading a weapon, for free. based on dramatic necessity, or an action. Vampires engaging y
@ Duration: Passive not by using dots and multipli- a foe with this power act as if
ers. already engaged when the turn ce
But some players want to begins.
Level 2 ground their game, at least
slightly, in the specific. Usain Tr pen
FLEETNESS Bolt, the fastest human being EXAMPLE:
Their mastery of Celerity now ever timed, runs nearly 45 Seo-Hee has Blink, facing an FBI
allows the vampire to move and km/hour. If you assume a dot agent 4o meters across hazardous ter-
react with dizzying speed. in Dexterity equals 9 km/hour rain with his Glock 17 out. She wants
@ Cost: One Rouse Check running flat-out, you have a to get inside the shooter’s arc before he
m@ System: Add the Celerity thumbnail answer to the eter- can fire. She rolls Dexterity + Athletics
rating to user's dice pool for nal question “Can my vampire us. the G-man’s Dexterity + Firearms.
non-combat Dexterity tests. catch that speeding car?” On a win, she can make a Brawl or
Once per turn the user may (“No.”) Of course in your Melee attack before the Fed can fire.
also do this when defending game, a dot in Dexterity can If the agent wins, he can get a shot off
with Dexterity + Athletics. mean whatever you need it to at the vampire first, and then she can
@ Duration: One scene mean — but it mostly means make a Brawl or Melee attack.
an edge over those with one see pire
Level 3 less dot in Dexterity. @ Duration: One turn
ee
BLINK TRAVERSAL
The vampire swiftly closes in on With blurring speed the vampire
a foe, engaging or escaping in the can run or climb along any surface,
blink of an eye. To an unprepared including vertical and even liquid
observer the user almost appears mediums. While Traversal does
253
COREBOOK
not grant insect-like supernatural m@ System: Drinking a Rouse Difficulty 1. An opponent pos-
traction, running up or along walls Checks worth of Blood directly sessing Celerity 5 can nullify
present little problem. Walking from the user gifts the drinker this power by making their
on water remains impossible, but with temporary Celerity own Rouse Check, defending at
the vampire can run on water for a equal to half the Celerity dots the same speed.
limited distance given a run-up. (rounded down) of the donor. @ Duration: A single attack
@ Cost: One Rouse Check The drinker gains the same
H Dice Pools: Dexterity + Athlet- non-Amalgam powers as the SPLIT SECOND
ics donotr’s, up to that level. The speed at which the vampire
m@ System: Make a Dexterity + @ Duration: One night; for vam- moves catches up with their super-
Athletics roll with a Difficulty pires, until the next feeding or charged perception, allowing them
of 3 (inclined surface with trac- the vampire reaches Hunger 5 to react to events around them
tion) to 6 (slick vertical surface, at a moment’s notice. Ambushers
open water), depending on the UNERRING AIM find their prey already standing
surface and angle. Each point of | i Amalgam: Auspex 2 behind them, and favors asked are
margin gets the vampire further completed before the words leave
up or out; a margin of 0 gets to The world around them slowing to the supplicants mouth.
a close target, a margin of 1 to a crawl, the vampire can aim and @ Cost: One Rouse Check
one farther than that, and so throw or fire any weapon at a tar- a The player can super-
forth. The Storyteller should get as if the target were stationary. sede the Storyteller’s narra-
inform the player beforehand H Cost: One Rouse Check tion of events, within reason.
4 ifa target is too distant to @ System: Use before making a They can choose to have their
even attemp

--- CHUNK 11 ---
t Traversal; as a ranged attack. The target makes character move through a door
4 rule of thumb, anything over no roll to dodge or defend; before it closes, circumvent an
water farther than 60 meters make the attack at Difficulty 1. ambush after it has been trig-
(or more than 30 stories up a An opponent possessing Celer- gered, roll out of the way of an
building) probably exceeds this ity 5 can nullify this power explosion, and so forth. The ac-
power’s range. by making their own Rouse tion taken must be reasonable
@ Duration: One turn Check, defending at the same and should not take more than
speed. a few seconds in real time. The
m@ Duration: A single attack Storyteller decides what Skills,
Level 4 if any, need to be checked to
successfully accomplish an ac-
DRAUGHT OF ELEGANCE Level 5 tion begun using this power.
The Blood of the vampire becomes @ Duration: Roughly one action,
saturated with the power of Celer- LIGHTNING STRIKE as determined by the Story-
ity, conveying a part of that power Faster than the eye can follow, teller.
to anyone who drinks of it. While the vampire can strike with fist or
this is also a first step towards a melee weapon at such speed that .
Blood Bond, already bound thralls | the opponent is unable to defend Dominate
or servants have little use for such or take evasive action. “Miss Savona, I assume.” Talley bowed
worries, and even non-bound allies @ Cost: One Rouse Check deeply to the Ventrue prodigy as she
might decide to brave a sip for the m@ System: Use before making a and her entourage entered the monu-
sake of temporary power. Brawl or Melee attack. The op- ment where their meeting was to take
@ Cost: One Rouse Check ponent makes no roll to dodge place.
or defend; make the attack at
254
DISCIPLINES
“Call me ‘Miss,’ ‘Madame,’ ‘Lady’ own volition. At its most basic, must command the victim verbally.
or whatever you choose, Hound. Your Dominate enables a vampire to The victim must be able to hear
actions carry more weight than your make a victim forget the feed they the user and understand their
skill in etiquette.” Fiorenza Savona just endured or enjoyed. At its language.
dismissed two of her bodyguards with most dangerous, it allows Kindred Without Terminal Decree
a gesture, a flick of imaginary dust to enslave entire crowds of kine. (Dominate 5); commands result-
from her sleeve. “You and your clan- This is the Beast at its most cruel ing in obvious death or serious
mates have done well. We witnessed and controlling. injury fail automatically, Subjects
the burning of four Sabbat Cardinals Dominate acts as a bludgeon roll to resist commands resulting
last month, thanks to your... sacrifice. to enforce the Masquerade, create in other social or physical harm,
We are ready to approach the Magis- submissive servants, and reinforce such as undressing in public. (See
ters with serious calks regarding your the self-assuredness of the vampire. individual powers for details.)
joining the fold.” When using this Discipline, Kin- Vampires cannot use Dominate to
Talley smiled, though his smiles dred feel omnipotent, although the extract information, as the victim
were always false, and caught Savona’s wisest of them know that this too becomes a mindless puppet while
eyes. “You will dismiss your security may be shackles of a kind, slipped under its influence. For example,
immediately.” The words cleaved upon them by the Blood. the Compel command “Speak”
through the Ventrue’s mind like a results in blabbering word salad,
broadsword, wielded without subtlety. while someone Mesmerized to “tell
She grimaced and hissed at the Characteristics what you know about the assassin”
Lasombra. “You think to manipulate Most Dominate powers require responds “what you know about
me so directly? I am not some thin- eye contact with the victim. Once the assassin.” Dominate cannot
blood or ghoul to be commanded, they establish contact, Dominate make subjects do something they
Keeper!” Each member of her entou- holds the gaz

--- CHUNK 12 ---
e of the victim until could not do on command, such as
rage went for their holstered weapons. the user conveys their command “Sleep.” Ultimately, the Storyteller
“Wait, wait...” Talley was grinning or commands, barring interfer- determines what the Discipline
now. “I just wanted to ensure you ence. Catching the eyes of someone can accomplish, but they should
were not some weak envoy. I prefer actively attempting to avoid the take care that Dominate remains
diplomacy with strong characters, and vampire’s gaze requires a contest of one Discipline of many, rather
clearly, you are that. I meant no of- the user’s Resolve + Intimidation than the catch-all solution to every
fense. ” Savona’s guards froze, awaiting vs the target’s Wits + Awareness. It problem.
her response. She ordered them to put is of course impossible to catch the Dominate cuts to the core
their weapons away. eyes of someone squeezing their of vampiric mastery and preda-
Talley bowed again, mentally eyes shut or wearing a blindfold, tion. Thus, vampires must resist
noting that to get to this Ventrue, he but that person should be easy attempts to Dominate them. A
would need to focus on crushing the prey to other tactics. vampire of lower (stronger) genera-
wills of her servants instead. Using Dominate in combat tion can resist Dominate attempts
or in other frantic situations is from higher generation vampires
Nicknames: Snake Charming, Mes- limited to people attacking or by spending a Willpower point,
merism, Mentis Imperium otherwise interacting with the user negating the effect completely.
directly, as everyone else’s atten- On a total failure on the roll of
Dominate grants the vampire the tion is firmly focused on their own any Dominate power, that vampire
ability to control the actions of peril. can no longer Dominate that target
others, manipulate their memories, Unless the user has super- for the rest of the story.
and force living creatures into acts natural means such as Telepathy Dominate threatens Human-
they would not perform of their (Auspex 5) at their disposal, they ity, especially if the vampire has
255
COREBOOK
any Principles involving personal command, no longer than a short m= System: No roll is required
freedom or forbidding violations sentence, to be obeyed to the let- against an unprepared mortal
of human integrity. Using it may ter. It must be possible to complete victim. Commanding a resist-
incur Stains (p. 239). the command in a single turn. The ing victim or another vampire
m@ Type: Mental Storyteller decides whether to requires a contest of Manipu-
Lt] Masquerade Threat: Low. Bar- interpret ambiguous commands in lation + Dominate vs Intel-
ring someone Dominating an an unexpected or unfavorable way; ligence + Resolve. Commands
entire auditorium to jump off alternatively, the command simply that go against the victim’s
the cliffs of Dover, it remains confuses the victim and fails. nature also require such a
one of the more subtle vam- @ Cost: Free contest.
piric powers. @ Dice Pools: Charisma + Domi- @ Duration: Until the command
@ Blood Resonance: Phlegmatic. nate vs Intelligence + Resolve is carried out or the scene ends,
The blood of the submissive m@ System: No roll is required whichever comes first.
or the dominant, masters and against an unprepared mortal
slaves, captains of industry, victim. Commanding a resist- DEMENTATION
power trippers, cult leaders ing victim, a victim the vam- a Amalgam: Obfuscate 2
and followers. pire has previously Dominated
in the same scene, or another This subtle power requires nothing
vampire requires a contest of more than casual conversation, as
Level 1 Charisma + Dominate vs Intel- the vampire’s insidious influence
ligence + Resolve. Commands hides between the lines and inflec-
CLOUD MEMORY that go against the victim’s na- tions employed. The victim finds
By uttering the phrase “Forget!” ture also require such a contest. themselves increasingly agitated as
the user can make the Dominated @ Duration: No 

--- CHUNK 13 ---
more than a their inner demons bubble to the
victim forget the current moment single scene surface, eventually drowning out
as well as the last few minutes, all rhyme and reason.
enough to mask a superficial Cost: One Rouse Check per
feeding or a chance meeting. No Level 2 scene
new memories are formed and if. Dice Pools: Manipulation +
pressed the victim realizes they MESMERIZE Dominate vs Composure +
have a few minutes missing. The vampire can issue complex Intelligence
@ Cost: Free commands to a victim, as long as m@ System: After engaging in
Dice Pools: Charisma + Domi- they have the subject’s gaze and conversation with a victim,
nate vs Wits + Resolve relative quiet in which to issue the user can activate this
m@ System: No roll is required instructions. The instructions must power. For the duration of the
against an unprepared mortal be carried out immediately to the scene, the user may attack a
victim. Clouding the memory victim’s best ability, and must not single individual each turn in
ofa resisting victim or another contain any conditional actions a Manipulation + Dominate
vampire requires a Charisma (“if you see Henry, give him the vs Composure + Intelligence
+ Dominate vs Wits + Resolve document”), as this would require conflict, causing Superficial
roll. the victim to exercise cognition. damage to Willpower. A mortal
@ Duration: Indefinitely @ Cost: One Rouse Check who becomes Impaired by this
COMPEL Dice Pools: Manipulation + power experiences a nervous
With eye contact, the vampire can Dominate vs Intelligence + breakdown or psychotic break,
issue the victim a single-action Resolve the shape and nature of which
256
DISCIPLINES
depends on their personal- SUBMERGED DIRECTIVE Level 5
ity (and perhaps their blood When using Mesmerize, the
Resonance). A vampire that vampire can now implant a post- MASS MANIPULATION
becomes Impaired by this power hypnotic suggestion, allowing the The vampire can now command
must immediately succumb to command to remain dormant until entire gatherings of mortals, and in
a Compulsion, as chosen by the a specific stimulus occurs. This some cases even groups of vam-
power’s user. trigger can be anything from a pires. The vampire can use this
If the user wants to affect specific date, toa person (“When power both to issue instructions
multiple victims, they need to you meet Roland, tell him these and to manipulate memories.
make a separate Rouse Check words”), to hearing a specific @ Cost: One Rouse Check in ad-
for each one. phrase. The Submerged Directive dition to the cost of the power
@ Duration: One Scene. never expires; people can conceiv- amplified
ably walk around with an order m@ System: The vampire can am-
buried in their mind for years. The plify any of their other powers
Level 3 user can only embed one sugges- to affect a group of people,
tion per victim. mortal or vampire, at once.
THE FORGETFUL MIND @ Cost: No additional cost All of the victims need to see
The vampire can rewrite whole m@ System: As Mesmerize, though the eyes of the user. The user
swathes of the victim’s memories, the Storyteller might want to makes any needed roll against
as long as they can keep the vic- make any rolls in secret. There’s the strongest opponent in the
tim’s gaze and full, uninterrupted no way of knowing if the sub- group.
attention. The vampire verbally merged suggestion works until m@ Duration: As per power ampli-
describes the victim’s new memo- the conditions are met. fied
ries, which the victim then accepts @ Duration: Passive
as their own. This power does not TERMINAL DECREE
allow the user to investigate the No longer hampered by the self-
victim's true memories; it more Level 4 preservation instincts of their
resembles blindly painting over the victims, the vampire can now issue
old canvas. RATIONALIZE commands that directly lead to
@ Cost: One Rouse Check The vampire’s victims now believe the harm or death of the victim.
Dice Pools: Manipulation + that anything they do under the Morta

--- CHUNK 14 ---
ls can be made to blow their
Dominate vs Intelligence + influence of Dominate was a result brains out, jump from rooftops,
Resolve of their own free will, and defend or swallow poison. Vampires can,
m@ System: The user rolls a contest their actions, however absurd. with a bit of effort, be made to
of Manipulation + Dominate Long-term exposure to this power walk into fire or sunlight.
vs Intelligence + Resolve. Each can lead to severe mental trauma ™ Cost: No additional Hunger
point of margin allows the user in the victim. cost, but the Humanity cost is
to add or remove an additional @ Cost: No additional cost potentially severe
memory. The victim recalls the m@ System: If pressed on their M@ System: Terminal commands
edits vaguely, foggy ideations belief, the victim can make a now must be resisted (see in-
that can fall apart under close Wits+Awareness test (Difficulty dividual powers regarding rolls
questioning. A critical win cre- 5). Awin makes them question involved), rather than failing
ates a flawless imprint, as real as their own statement, and pos- automatically.
any true memory. sibly their sanity. @ Duration: Passive
@ Duration: Indefinitely @ Duration: Indefinitely
257
COREBOOK
. harm, fire, and supernatural UNSWAYABLE MIND

Fortitude coercion. The user gains a mystical ability
A deafening rattle like several glass Those possessing Fortitude ex- to resist any attempts to sway
doors slamming shut punctuates the emplify the stolid pillars of Kindred them through mundane charms,
quiet ambience, as a hail of gunfire society, able to withstand blows coercion, and wiles. Some exhibit
blasts through the office and into the and charms without movement or Unswayable Mind as zen-like
company’s directors. A few slump sign of dilapidation. Few vampires calm, others as supernatural stub-
dead onto the mahogany table around feel as secure in their immortality bornness.
which they were sat, while others as do elder Blue Bloods and Ferals. @ Cost: Free
writhe on the floor in pain. The gun- m@ System: The user adds their
man flees, dropping his weapon and dots in Fortitude as extra
charging out the fire escape. Characteristics dice in any roll made to resist

A chorus of wounded cries and m@ Type: Physical coercion, intimidation, seduc-
moans rises from the boardroom, as Masquerade Threat: Medium. tion, or any other attempt to
Mayumi Shibasaki pulls herself from Eyewitnesses undoubtedly sway the user’s mind against
the floor, wiping her hands down her react upon someone taking a their will. This power also
suit, punctured with bullet holes. A terminal beating or a hail of works against supernatural
few heavy thuds follow, as chunks of bullets and getting back up abilities such as Dominate and
metal fall from the material where seemingly unhurt. Favorite Presence.
they sat after finding her flesh resist- cover-up explanations include @ Duration: Passive
ant to the bullet spray. She looks down erroneous recollection in the
at the wounded board members, and excitement (the bullets only
sucks a few mouthfuls of blood from seemed to hiv), special effects Level 2
the open wounds on display, her mind (YouTube prank), or the tried-
fixated on two things: and-tested “must have been on TOUGHNESS

Whoever ordered this hit couldn’t PCP?” rationale. All vampires with this power
have known how resistant her flesh @ Blood Resonance: Melancholic. exhibit an innate ability to ignore
could be. Survivors of war, abuse, or damage that would otherwise

Whoever ordered this hit would misfortune; endurance runners; inconvenience and even disable
pay for anew damn suit. mountain climbers; infantry others of their kind. While this

and special forces; those with power alone gives no protection
Nicknames: Bricking Up, Stone very powerful immune systems. against banes and other aggravated
Flesh, Resistentia damage, the protection it confers
adds up in the long run.
Much prized by immortals, For- Level 1 @ Cost: One Rouse check
titude grants the ability to res

--- CHUNK 15 ---
ist @ System: Subtract the Forti-
physical and mental assault. Few RESILIENCE tude of the defender from all
vampires survive longer than a Endowed with supernatural endur- Superficial damage sustained.
century without at least a mote ance, the user can strengthen their This occurs before halving the
of Fortitude, especially in a world physical resolve. damage, and cannot reduce the
where violence is common and @ Cost: Free damage below one.
not even Kindred are safe. In m@ System: The user adds their @ Duration: One scene
these nights, fewer vampires use Fortitude rating to their
Fortitude to resist the sun than Health track. ENDURING BEASTS
they do to withstand violent @ Duration: Passive m@ Amalgam: Animalism 1
258
DISCIPLINES
The user shares a small portion of M@ System: The user can convert a pletely blank while their aura is,
their unnatural toughness with the number of Aggravated damage for lack of better words, flat.
animals they influence. Teem- equal to their Fortitude rating @ Cost: Free
ing swarms and great beasts alike to Superficial damage when System: Increases the Difficul-
exhibit a resistance to fleeting in- sustained. They may not heal ly of using Sery Soul (Auspex
juries almost equal to the vampire that Superficial damage for the 3), Telepathy (Auspex 5), and
themself. rest of the scene. This power similar powers on the user
M@ Cost: Free (for famulus); converts a number of damage by half their Fortitude rating
One Rouse Check (for other per scene, not per wound or (round up). If the rules allow
animals) per attack. the user to resist these powers,
M Dice Pools: Stamina + Animal- they add their Fortitude rating
ism (for non-famulus animals) o£ pens to their dice pool instead.
m@ System: The vampire can choose EXAMPLE: @ Duration: One scene
to extend some of their Forti- Salman has Fortitude 3. During
tude powers to animals affected the upcoming brawl, he could for
by their Animalism. Any animal example convert 2 points of Aggra- Level 4
thus imbued gains additional vated damage to Superficial, then
Health levels equal to the Forti- convert 1 more point of Aggravated DRAUGHT OF ENDURANCE
tude dots of the vampire. Using damage taken the next turn before The Blood of the vampire be-
this power on their famulus is his power expires. comes saturated with the power of
free and automatic. To imbue mene pion Fortitude, conveying a part of that
other animals besides their power to anyone who drinks of it.
famulus, the user must make a The user can renew this This is the Fortitude equivalent of
Rouse Check and roll a test of power once expired by Draught of Elegance (p. 254).
Stamina + Animalism (Dif making another Rouse ® Cost: One Rouse Check
ficulty 3). The user can fortify Check. If endangered unex- @ System: Drinking a Rouse
one animal per point of margin. pectedly, the user can acti- Check's worth of Blood
When the effect ends, remove vate this power reflexively directly from the user gifts
unmarked Health first; this may with a Wits + Survival roll the drinker with temporary
result in the animal expiring. (Difficulty 3) upon receiv- Fortitude equal to half the
@ Duration: One Scene. ing Aggravated damage. If Fortitude dots (rounded down)
the user fails the test, the of the donor. The drinker gains
power does not activate; the same powers as the donor’s,
Level 3 if they win the test, they up to that level.
must make a Rouse Check @ Duration: One night; for vam-
DEFY BANE to pay for the power. pires, until the next feeding or
By preparing themselves with an @ Duration: One scene or until the vampire reaches I unger 5
expenditure of power, the vampire expired, whichever comes first
can make themselves temporarily
resistant to fire and sunlight as well FORTIFY THE INNER FACADE Level 5
as other grievous wounds that would Instead of hardening the vampire’s
threaten them with Final Death. physical frame, this power allows FLESH OF MARBLE
M@ Cost: One Rouse Check the user to protect their thoughts The power of the Bloo

--- CHUNK 16 ---
d causes
Dice Pools: Wits + Survival (to and emotions from supernatural the skin of the vampire to harden,
activate reflexively) prying. Their mind appears com- taking ona marble-like sheen that
259
COREBOOK
is still supple but stops almost any ree pisos | house, I see servers, computers,
blow before momentarily breaking EXAMPLE: cables all over the damn place. It’s.a
and reforming. A vampire using Darin has Blood Potency 3, giving firetrap. I reach out to move one aside
this power is almost impossible to him a Blood Surge of 2. He cannot as I think my bag will catch on it.
destroy outright, barring a lucky increase his I ?>hysical Attributes That’s when it happens.
blow or physical restraint. past 8 using Prowess from Pain. The butler curns around and he
@ Cost: Two Rouse Checks mod pire shrieks at me to touch nothing. His
m@ System: With this power ac- face shifts before my eyes. His body
tive, the vampire ignores the @ Duration: One scene too. He turns into this scaly liccle slime
first source of physical damage of aman. And then he’s the maid. And
each turn, including fire but then he’s the butler again. And then
not sunlight. If confusion arises he’s someone different. And then he’s
about which source is “first,” Obfuscate running away into all the shadows I
the Storyteller either decides Okay, I’ll start from the top. I’m just suddenly notice around this place. I get
based on the narrative, or the a courier, and after I received word the fuck out.
vampire ignores the most dam- of this order that went through three So yeah, the guy’s name was “Ma-
aging single source that turn. companies to get to me — clearly ropis,” but weird thing: I checked out
A critical win on an attack roll someone trying to cover their tracks — the mansion again a week later and it
bypasses this power. and I was givena hush bonus, I said was completely empty and dusty, like
@ Duration: One scene “fuck it, why not.” That’s how I ended ic had been vacant for decades.
up delivering that box to the mansion.
PROWESS FROM PAIN No, I never saw what was in the box, Nicknames: Stealth Mode, Cloak-
Injuries and impairments now but judging from the setup at that ing, Veiling, Occulto
only fuel the powers of the place, I'm guessing it was something For any hunter, the ability to hide,
vampire, who grows stronger and computery. move without being seen, and
faster from each blow, rend, or tear So the guy who answers the door employ camouflage proves vital.
received. Only utter destruction is this butler-looking fellow. Looks For the Kindred practitioners of
can stop one who calls upon this normal, if a bit pale and out of a com- Obfuscate, the Discipline provides
Fortitude power. ic book. I just hand over the box and the perfect cover to get close to
@ Cost: One Rouse Check ask for a signature, but he eyes me up a victim, disguise themselves as
m@ System: Upon activating and down. He asks me to come inside harmless, and escape when the heat
the power the vampire no for my bonus. I’ve already received grows too much,
longer suffers any dice penal- one bonus, but hell, what’s another? Obfuscate experts may utilize
ties from Health damage Soin I go. The butler wanders off, and the Discipline to lurk in the
sustained, such as physical someone else comes back. A maid this shadows while spying, change ap-
Impairment. Additionally, time. She asks if 1 want a drink. I cell pearance in a crowd while under
they can increase one Physical her I’m cool. J just want my money surveillance, or even spread the gift
Attribute by one dot (de- and to get out. to a group of vampires looking to
rived stats are unaffected) for The maid goes away and the hide.
each level of damage on their butler emerges again. I’m developing
Health track, aggravated or a funny feeling. He hands over an
superficial. The user’s At- envelope of cash and asks if I want to Characteristics
tributes cannot exceed a value see the gear in this place. Thing is, ’ve Obfuscate powers work through
equal to their 

--- CHUNK 17 ---
Blood Surge + 6 never been a tech-head, but I decide to ambient, low-level mesmerism.
through this ability. look anyway. As he takes me through Observers see the vampire but
260
DISCIPLINES
their minds choose to ignore it. whole point of this Discipline. collisions, and other sounds of
Witnesses unconsciously move out @ Blood Resonance: Melan- their person. This makes the
of the way if the user blocks their cholic. The ignored and unseen, vampire undetectable if an ob-
path and rationalize their behavior the homeless, forgotten, and server could only notice them
if pressed. Obfuscate affects all five depressed; spies, pickpockets, by sound, such as when on a
senses unless otherwise noted. excellent servants, roadies and different floor of a house.

The Discipline does have lim- stagehands, and all the back- This power does not elimi-
its: the illusion fails if the observer ground people. nate sounds the user makes
cannot ignore the user or if the outside their personal space
user backs the observer into a cor- (throwing or dropping objects,
ner. A vampire blocking a doorway Level 1 or slamming doors, for exam-
cannot maintain Obfuscate against ple). Failing that, only Sense
someone walking through it. Like- CLOAK OF SHADOWS of the Unseen (Auspex 1) can
wise, violent action jeopardizes the Standing perfectly still, the user detect the user.
facade, as does actions like raised blends into the surroundings. As @ Duration: One scene
voices, failed pickpocket attempts, long as they have some kind of
and weapons raised to strike. cover, make no sound, and don’t
Whispering without breaking move, only mechanical or super- Level 2
Obfuscate is still possible. natural means can detect them.

Generally, the Discipline offers @ Cost: Free UNSEEN PASSAGE
no protection against machine sur- M@ System: Follow the general With this power, the vampire can
veillance. A human staking out the rules for Obfuscate. The effect now move around while staying
vampire has a hard time pointing lasts until the user moves or hidden. The user is functionally
the lens in the right direction, but they are detected by other invisible, per the usual Obfuscate
automatic cameras and other types means. limitations.
of detectors can catch them. @ Duration: One scene @ Cost: One Rouse Check

A vampire with Sense the System: As long as the user
Unseen (Auspex 1) can detect SILENCE OF DEATH emits no overpowering odors
Obfuscated characters by rolling Popular among the Banu Hagim, and no sound louder than
Wits or Resolve + Auspex vs Wits this power completely silences the a whisper, this power auto-

+ Obfuscate. Anyone can detect user, nullifying all sound made by matically works. Only if the
an Obfuscated vampire who draws them. As with other Obfuscate observer has their attention
attention to themselves; such powers, this only works on people drawn to the user can they
observers detect such accidental within earshot and does not fool make a detection roll.
revelations with a contest of Wits microphones or other electronic Sense the Unseen (Auspex
+ Awareness (or Resolve + Aware- sound detectors. Unlike Obfus- 1) can also detect the hidden
ness for an active searcher) vs cate in general, this power works vampire, as per the general
Wits + Stealth. This also applies to only on the sense of hearing, but Obfuscate rules.

surprise attacks from Obfuscate in exchange operates more ro- Note that the user cannot
—avictim always has a chance to bustly. A vampire needs to make use this power to disappear
sense the danger a moment before a whole lot of noise to break this while being actively observed;
the strike.. silence. it automatically fails in such
m@ Type: Mental @ Cost: Free a case.

M@ Masquerade Threat: Low. M@ System: The user silences their @ Duration: One scene or until

Avoiding detection is the footsteps, clothing, minor detection.

261
COREBOOK

Level 3 as their presence is at all plausi- the object wasn’t there, moving

ble (meaning that it will not fool around

--- CHUNK 18 ---
 larger objects if need be.

GHOST IN THE MACHINE people who do not expect anyone @ Cost: One Rouse Check

The user can now transmit the or would be hostile against anyone Dice Pools: Intelligence +

effects of Obfuscate through elec- they didn’t know). The power also Obfuscate

tronic media, allowing the vampire does not provide any personal m@ System: The vampire touches

to appear invisible or masked when identification or other ways of mis- the object and rolls a test of In-

viewed live on screen. If an ob- leading an identity check. telligence + Obfuscate against
server views the image later, as ina H Cost: One Rouse Check a Difficulty from 2 (Concealing
photograph or recording, the effect m@ System: No test is required. a ring in a drawer filled with
lessens: the image seems slightly Anyone viewing the vampire other memorabilia) to 6 (Con-
blurred, making identification sees a forgettable face of the cealing a house in the middle
hard. In addition, automated sur- same gender and approximate of an open square), depending
veillance has a tendency to glitch build and height as the user. on the target’s size and loca-

in the presence of the vampire, Clothes take on the same kind tion. The power lasts for one

lessening their chance of being of blandness, depending on night. Each point of margin on
caught by automated systems. the environment. At an office the win conceals the object for

@ Cost: No additional cost the user might appear as a an additional night.

m@ System: No additional roll is nightwatchman, while they This power conceals anyone
required when being viewed may seem to wear overalls at and anything inside the object
ona live feed. Treat observers an assembly plant. Sense the (e.g., people in a car or shed),
as present with the vampire, Unseen (Auspex 1) can pierce as long as the viewer remains
with regard to the Discipline. the power as usual, outside. This power cannot
The observer adds +3 to their @ Duration: One scene affect anything larger than a
Difficulty on tests to iden- two-story house or any object
tify the user on film, video, in moving under its own power
photographs, or the like taken Level 4 (such asa moving car). Some-
during active Obfuscation. The one with the Auspex power
user also gains three additional CONCEAL Sense the Unseen (or equiva-
dice to pools they use when a Amalgam: Auspex 3 lent) can notice the object by
trying to circumvent automat- winning a contest of Wits +
ed electronic surveillance and This ability allows the user to Auspex vs the Intelligence +
countermeasures. cloak an inanimate object such as Obfusceate of the user.

@ Duration: As power used a door, a car, or a small house. As @ Duration: One night, with an

with other Obfuscate powers, this additional night per point of

MASK OF A THOUSAND FACES does not actually make the object margin on the win.

Instead of disappearing, the vam- invisible, but creates a lingering

pire using this power can make hypnotic effect that causes most VANISH

themselves appear as a nondescript people to simply ignore it. In @ Prerequisite: Cloak of Shadows

stranger, someone expected to be this case the power is especially

present in the area. Unlike other effective, given that the object is The vampire can activate Cloak of

Obfuscate powers, this allows the unlikely to call attention to itself: Shadows and Unseen Passage even

user to interact and communicate Unless something causes passersby while under direct observation.

with those they might run into. to collide with it or someone The vampire appears to vanish

They arouse little suspicion as long points it out, people behave as if in the blink of an eye; even the

262
DISCIPLINES
memory of them becomes foggy Obfuscating vampire’s rating lusion, but the user must make
and indistinct. as their own when needed for a Manipulation + Performance
@ Cost: As per power augmented a roll. Members of the group roll to impersonate speech and
Dice Pools: Wits + Obfuscate vs can still perceiv

--- CHUNK 19 ---
e each other mannerisms. A critical win cre-

Wits + Awareness while under the effects of the ates a perfect illusion with no
m@ System: When vanishing in power. If anyone besides the further roll necessary. Sense the
front of a mortal, roll a contest user is revealed, either through Unseen (Auspex 1) can pierce
of Wits + Obfuscate vs Wits their own doing or an astute the mask as per General Rules.
+ Awareness. On a win, the observer, the rest of the group @ Duration: One scene
observer questions whether the remains hidden. If the user is
vampire was ever there to begin revealed, so is everyone else.
with; their memory clouds on @ Duration: As power extended
the topic. With a critical win, Potence
the vampire vanishes entirely IMPOSTOR’S GUISE “I’m not some thug.” Theo stood on
from the observer's memory. @ Prerequisite: Mask of a Thou- a broken stage in Berlin, alongside He-
This power does not affect sand Faces sha Ruhadze of the Ministry and Rudi
vampires’ memories, but any of Clan Gangrel. Three corners of the
win by the user hides them as if With some preparation the vam- Anarch Movement, even though the
they initiated their power un- pire can make themselves appear 30-o1-so strong audience was mainly
observed. This power can only asa specific individual of any build comprised of Caitiff and thin-bloods.
be used once per scene. and gender. The user must carefully ‘And neither are you good guys and
@ Duration: As per power aug- study the subject, otherwise the girls. None of you are the simple-mind-
mented charade fails when meeting anyone ed fools the Camarilla claim you are!
with more than a casual familiarity You were mortal, and now you're not,
with the person being mimicked. but you're just as valid as those moth-
Level 5 @ Cost: One Rouse Check erfuckers over in the Ivory Tower!”
HB Dice Pools: Wits + Obfuscate, A small cry of support resounded
CLOAK THE GATHERING Manipulation + Performance throughout the old theatre, as Hesha
The vampire can shelter their m@ System: The user must study slowly clapped his hands. Theo contin-
companions under the cloak of the face to be copied for at ued, walking over to a pillar running
Obfuscate. least five minutes, from differ- from the side of the stage to the ceiling.
@ Cost: One Rouse Check in ad- ent angles. The user requires “We won't take their belittling shit any
dition to the cost of the power another ten minutes of obser- more! We will not be second class! We
extended vation to mimic the subject’s we will not be trash to be kicked into
m@ System: The vampire can voice and mannerisms. The user the path of the Inquisition!” Theo Bell
extend their power of Obfusca- can only copy human appear- threw a punch into the concrete pillar,
tion to a number of additional ance, not animal form. The Sto- his fist smashing through the stone
willing subjects equal to their ryteller then makes a hidden and out the other side. With a roar, he
Wits, plus one for each ad- test of Wits + Obfuscate (Dif- pulled his arm free and held it up.
ditional Rouse Check made. ficulty 4). A failure means that The supportive cry was now a
The Obfuscate power used on the resemblance is less than cheer. Hesha raised an eyebrow. It was
the group can be any known convincing, and anyone close a theatrical gesture, but it confirmed
to the user, and every member to the person copied notices his view: better to be on this side of
of the group count as having something amiss automatically. Theo Bell’s fists than the other.
used it on themselves, using the A win creates a convincing il-
263
COREBOOK
Nicknames: | lulking, Blood’s construction workers and lum- to their unarmed damage value
Might, Percutio berjacks, longshoremen. as well as to feats of Strength.
@ Duration: One scene
There is a popular saying among
the members of Clan Brujah: Level 1
“You only underestimate our Level 3
strength once.” Potence is vitae- LETHAL BODY
fueled strength above and beyond Using this power, the user is capa- BRUTAL FEED
other va

--- CHUNK 20 ---
mpires’ capabilities. ble of causing horrendous damage Known as the “Savage Kiss”, this
More powerful than any perfor- to mortals, tearing skin and break- power allows the user to employ an
mance-enhancing drug, more ing bones with bare fingers. unholy inner strength when drain-
unnatural than the physique of @ Cost: Free ing a victim. In mere seconds, the
any bulging bodybuilder, Potence m@ System: The user’s unarmed attacker swallows torrents of blood
is the Beast let loose through the attacks can now do Aggravated while mauling the victim. The
fists, feet, limbs, and raw bodily Health damage to mortals, if result is an efficient, if messy, feed-
power of a vampire. The Disci- desired. They also ignore one ing often employed in the heat of
pline is used for more than just level of armor per Potence level battle where the mangled remains
hitting things, though it is cer- of the user. of the victim can be disguised.
tainly good for this task. It is the @ Duration: Passive @ Cost: Free.
vampire’s ability to force their @ System: The vampire can drain
body into actions impossible for SOARING LEAP a human completely in sec-
mortals to replicate. Possessing unholy strength in more onds, usually within a single
Potence trumps the other Dis- than arms and fists, the user can turn. Every point of Hunger
ciplines in sheer incongruity an leap far higher and further than slaked causes one point of
elderly-looking Nosferatu strikes any mortal. Aggravated Health damage
harder than a mortal heavyweight @ Cost: Free to the victim, as their blood
boxer or a Brujah Embraced as a m@ System: The user can jump vessels burst and organs bruise
child can decapitate a target with a number of meters equal to and rupture internally. Using
one blow. three times their Potence level Brutal Feed on a vampire does
vertically, and five times their only Superficial Health dam-
Potence level horizontally. The age to their dead and inert
Characteristics user needs no run-up to make organs.
m@ Type: Physical these leaps. In combat, Brutal Feed
Lt] Masquerade threat: Medium @ Duration: Passive comes immediately after a
to high. Lesser exercises of the successful Brawl attack using
Discipline might be passed fangs. The victim first takes
off as “hysterical strength,” Level 2 bite damage, then damage
but once pavement cracks and from this power. Armor does
buildings start to crumble that PROWESS not protect against Brutal
explanation loses what little Vampires with Potence gain far Feed, as the wounds are, or at
credibility it had. greater strength from their Blood least begin as, mainly internal.
@ Blood Resonance: Choleric. than those who lack it. Storytellers may decide
‘The strong and healthy, athletes H Cost: One Rouse Check such mutilation-killing war-
and young men and women in m@ System: When activated, add rants Stains (p. 239).
their prime, gym rats, wrestlers, the Potence rating of the user @ Duration: One feeding
264
DISCIPLINES
SPARK OF RAGE might also be able to climb Level 5
@ Amalgam: Presence 3 copper or bronze cladding or
other softer metal surfaces, EARTHSHOCK
Combining Potence and Presence, at the Storyteller’s discretion. Their strength an elemental force,
the vampire can incite anger and Thin glass surfaces (though the vampire can slam their fist or
even frenzy in onlookers, as easily generally not the glass cur- foot into the ground, creating a
as awe or dread. The user must take tain walls of modern office shockwave that throws their op-
care not to rile up an angry mob buildings) may shatter under ponents prone. One of the more
to turn on them rather than the the stress. In the same way, a dramatic applications of Potence,
target or each other. vampire can hang from a wall this power needs to be carefully
@ Cost: One Rouse Check or ceiling for up to one scene, employed, lest the user literally
B Dice Pools: Manipulation + though only barefoot vampires bring the house down upon them-
Potence can hang by their feet. selves.
m@ System: When a

--- CHUNK 21 ---
ctive, the user The climb or clinging leaves Cost: Two Rouse Checks
can add their Potence rat- obvious tracks detectable by M@ System: No additional test is
ing to any attempt to rile or anyone with an Intelligence + needed to create the shock-
incite a person or a crowd to Investigation test at Difficulty wave. (The ground is hard to
violence. In addition, the user 2. Detecting Uncanny Grip miss.) Anyone within a five-
can activate this power and roll tracks on glass doesn’t even meter radius of the user must
a contest of Manipulation + require a roll. make a Dexterity + Athletics
Potence vs Composure + Intel- @ Duration: One scene roll (Difficulty 3), with the re-
ligence of another vampire. If sults below. Anyone prepared
they win, the opposing vampire Level 4 for the Earthshock (such as the
must make a fury frenzy test at user’s companions) can shift
Difficulty 3. DRAUGHT OF MIGHT their results up by one step.
@ Duration: One Scene The Blood of the vampire be- O Critical Win: No effect.
comes saturated with the power © Win: Knocked off balance.
UNCANNY GRIP of Potence, conveying a part of Lose current action
Focusing their unnatural strength that power to anyone who drinks ©. Failure: Fall prone. Lose
into their toes and fingers, the of it. This is the Potence equiva- current action; must spend
vampire grips and burrows their lent of Draught of Elegance (p. a turn getting up.
extremities into almost any sur- 254).
face, enabling them to climb and @ Cost: One Rouse Check This power causes signifi-
even hang otherwise unsupported m@ System: Drinking a Rouse cant collateral damage. If
from walls and ceilings. Close Checks worth of Blood directly used on the ground, the
observation reveals telltale scarring from the user gifts the drinker earth cracks. If used in-
or deformation on these surfaces with temporary Potence doors, furniture breaks and
afterward, however, as this is an equal to half the Potence dots mirrors shatter. On any-
application of brute force, not (rounded down) of the donor. thing but the ground floor
superhero-style adhesion. The drinker gains the same the floor might shatter,
H Cost: One Rouse Check powers as the donor's, up to causing everyone within the
m@ System: A vampire using this that level. radius to plummet to the
power automatically succeeds @ Duration: One night; for vam- floor below. This power can
on any Skill test to climb a pires, until the next feeding or only be used once per scene.
non-metallic surface. The user the vampire reaches Hunger 5 @ Duration: One use
265
COREBOOK
FIST OF CAINE me | shouldn’t be there. She looked feelings projected at them are nor-
The vampire’s bare hands can unhappy. My heare broke. It sounds mal and which are compelled.
inflict grievous injuries, lethal to ridiculous, but somehow Vd fallen
both mortals and other vampires. head over heels in love with her
They can dismember, pierce, within a minute. I fell to my knees, Characteristics
impale, decapitate, and even rip a but she commanded me to leave, and Presence affects the emotions
heart out of the chest. it was like she was a nightmare from of those subject to it, not the
@ Cost: One Rouse Check my childhood all of a sudden. She minds. While this is useful in
m@ System: For one scene the was... She went from love to hate. that victims are cognizant (unlike
user can inflict Aggravated I couldn’t help but get the hell out Dominate), they are not under
Health damage to mortals of there and never look back. I know the direct control of the user and
and supernaturals alike while where the dig is, and it’s still going are thus often unpredictable. In
Brawling, as they literally on, but I’m too terrified to return. order to be affected by Presence,
rend flesh and tear their op- What did she do to me? the subject must be in the physi-
ponents limb from limb with cal presence of the user or at least
their bare hands. Nicknames: Superstardom, En- within earshot. The Discipline
@ Duration: One scene thrallment, Sublimi

--- CHUNK 22 ---
cas does not transmit electronically
unless the user possesses Star
Most vampires are creatures of Magnetism (Presence 5). Detect-
Presence grace and lethality. Associated ing the use of Presence is very
So yeah, I snuck in late at night, with horrific violence and devas- hard unless one has access to
. only to find a whole load of people tating beauty, Kindred embody Sense the Unseen (Auspex 1) and
4 with picks and shovels, brushes and opposites, alternating between can even then be too subtle to
you know, the normal archaeologi- nightmare and dream depending notice unless one is looking for it
cal paraphernalia. Nobody seemed to on the onlooker and the vampire’s specifically.
notice I was even there, at least not at whims. Presence is a Discipline Presence power effects do
first. They were all too hard at work, that expresses this bipolar exist- not stack, so someone using Awe
and the odd thing for how late at night ence. Used to attract victims or and Entrancement on the same
it was? ‘They all seemed happy. Like disperse them in fear, Presence subject would only add their
drugged happy. allows crowd control, emotional Presence rating once for any
I got to see the hole they were manipulation, and enforced devo- Social-based Persuasion rolls.
digging. I got to see the big black sar- tion. A mortal’s greatest fear could In combat, only the Dread Gaze
cophagus - I guess obsidian, but why’s stand before them and suddenly and Majesty powers have any effect,
there an obsidian coffin in this part look like the most radiant creature as charm is of little use when some-
of the world? I wanted to get closer, on Earth. one has decided they want you hurt.
but then chis woman, she seemed to Many Presence practitioners m@ Type: Mental
be leading the dig, stopped me. She use this Discipline to easily acquire a Masquerade threat: Low-Me-
was... | guess “beautiful” isa simple feeding vessels, while others use dium. A subtle power, people
word when describing her poise, her it do stalk the night as creatures seldom realize Presence has
confidence, and her clarity of voice... of horror, making weak-willed affected them at all. As with
She asked why I wasn’t working and kine flee terrified, unsure of what most Disciplines, its higher
I stuttered and stumbled over myself. they've just seen. Effective as a lure powers can leave puzzled wit-
I was bewitched. Is that the word? | as well as a defense, vampires with nesses behind, especially once
couldn’t look away from her. Presence enjoy an easier nightlife the effects wear off.
Then her eyes narrowed. She told at the expense of forgetting what @ Blood Resonance: Sanguine.
266
DISCIPLINES
The beautiful and lustful, those DAUNT test (Difficulty equals the user's
completely infatuated with the Instead of attracting people, the Presence) every week to resist
vampire, models and actors vampire uses Presence to repel. the effects. Winning this test
and movie stars, compelling With this power the user appears for three consecutive weeks
public and private speakers threatening and exudes an aura of breaks the effect, as does a
from politicians to car sales- menace powerful enough to make single critical win.
men, YouTube sensations and most mortals avoid their attention @ Duration: Until successfully
Instagram influencers. and even vampires think twice resisted
about acting against them.
@ Cost: Free
Level 1 m@ System: Add the user’s Pres- Level 3
ence rating to any Intimida-
AWE tion rolls. Attacking the user DREAD GAZE
Anyone in the presence of the requires a Resolve+Composure Briefly exposing their vampiric
vampire finds their attention roll at Difficulty 2. nature, the user instills a single
inexplicably drawn to them. Those Vampires cannot use Awe subject with utter terror. Mortals
listening to the vampire speak and Daunt simultaneously. are cowed, run, or freeze with fear,
might suddenly agree on subjects @ Duration: One scene or until while other vampires either submit
where they once held differen

--- CHUNK 23 ---
t intentionally ended like whipped dogs or flee in fren-
viewpoints. While this power zied Rotschreck.
doesn’t cause rapt infatuation, it Level 2 H Cost: One Rouse Check
is still strong enough to sway the @ Dice Pools: Charisma + Pres- ;
minds of most mortals. LINGERING KISS ence vs Composure + Resolve ‘
@ Cost: Free The Kiss of a vampire induces M@ System: Displaying their
Dice Pools: Manipulation + near-ecstasy in mortals, but this fangs, their face twisted in a
Presence vs Composure + Intel- power leaves other Kisses in the predatory grimace, the user
ligence dust. Mortals fed upon by the rolls a contest of Charisma +
m@ System: Add the Presence user become addicted to the Kiss, Presence against their target's
rating to any Skill roll involy- obsessing over it and even seek- Composure + Resolve.
ing Persuasion or Performance ing the vampire out for repeated O Failure: Mortals are unable
as well as to other Charisma- feedings. Mortals often become to act other than in their
related rolls, at the Storyteller’s anemic, self-harm, or even die own defense, backing off
discretion. Anyone aware that from this addiction, but vampires for a turn, Vampires are
they’re being affected can try to find it a useful power for cultivat- unaffected.
resist with a contest of Compo- ing a herd. © Win: Mortals run in fear.
sure + Intelligence vs the user’s @ Cost: Free Vampires are unable to act
Manipulation + Presence. On m@ System: The vampire can other than in their own de-
a win, the target can resist the choose to use this power or fense for a turn unless they
effects for one scene; a critical not during each feeding. The spend Willpower equal to
win makes the target immune user adds dice equal to their the users margin of win (to
for the entire night. Once the Presence to any subsequent a minimum of one).
power wears off, victims revert Charisma Attribute-assisted O Critical Win: Mortals
to their previous opinions. pool against the bitten subject. freeze or crumple into a
@ Duration: One scene or until A mortal fed upon with this fetal position. Vampires
intentionally ended power can make a Willpower must make a terror frenzy
267
COREBOOK
test (Difficulty 3). If they Level 4 Presence vs Composure + Intel-
win, they are still affected ligence
as above. IRRESISTIBLE VOICE m@ System: The user needs to
@ Duration: One turn i Amalgam: Dominate 1 concentrate for five minutes
and think of the person being
ENTRANCEMENT The Presence of the user becomes summoned, then rolls Manipu-
The vampire focuses their un- a conduit for Dominate. The vam- lation + Presence vs Composure
natural allure on a single person, pire now only needs their voice + Intelligence. On a win, the
instilling in them a rapt fascina- to be heard in order to employ target hears the summoning,
tion or infatuation akin to falling Dominate powers. but may or may not heed it.
head over heels in love or meet- @ Cost: No additional cost On a critical win, the target
ing one’s lifelong idol. The person m@ System: The user's voice alone arrives as quickly as possible,
affected does their best to remain is now enough to Dominate barring immediate risk to their
in the vampire’s good graces, but a target. This does not apply well-being.
stops short of causing themselves to voices transmitted through @ Duration: One night
or their other loved ones physical electronic media such as
harm. phones, television, or apart- Level 5
@ Cost: One Rouse Check ment door-buzzer speakers.
H Dice Pools: Charisma + Pres- @ Duration: Passive MAJESTY
ence vs Composure + Wits At this pinnacle of the Discipline
m@ System: The vampire only SUMMON the vampire can amplify their
. needs to gain the subject’s at- The vampire can call to themselves countenance to supernatural levels.
4 tention and win a contest of any person, mortal or vampire, Whether they appear as heartrend-
Charisma + Presence vs Com- upon whom they’ve previously ingly beautiful, monstrously ter-
posure + Wits. The effect lasts used Awe, Entrancem

--- CHUNK 24 ---
ent, or Maj- rifying, or wielding absolute com-
for roughly one hour plus one esty, or who has tasted their Blood mand, everyone who views them is
per point of margin on the win, at least once. The target knows struck by their image, unable to act
The vampire can renew this who is summoning them and the or even speak against the vampire.
effect indefinitely, but a failure user’s current location. This calling To experience Majesty is to be in
ends the effect and makes the lasts for a night. After that time, the presence of the divine - or the
subject immune for the rest of the effect subsides, but the user infernal.
the night. can repeat it night after night if @ Cost: Two Rouse Checks
After succeeding, the user required to reach the target or if @ Dice Pools: Charisma + Pres-
adds dice equal to their Presence the target is otherwise reluctant. ence vs Composure + Resolve
rating to any Social dice pool Anyone Summoned feels a pull M@ = System: People in the presence
against the entranced subject. toward the summoner and tries of the user can only stare, slack-
Requests resulting in obvious to reach them, though without jawed, or avert their eyes in fear
harm to the subject or their endangering themselves physically or submission. Anyone wanting
loved ones, or that oppose the or financially. They won't sell their to act in any way in opposition
subject’s Tenets, fail and require house to buy a ticket or miss a vital to the user, except for self-
an immediate power contest roll meeting, but they might skip out preservation, must successfully
as above, or the Entrancement of normal work or social commit- win a contest of their Compo-
immediately fails. ments. sure + Resolve vs. the vampire’s
@ Duration: One hour plus one @ Cost: One Rouse Check Charisma + Presence. A win
per point of margin B Dice Pools: Manipulation + allows one turn of freedom, plus
268
DISCIPLINES
one per point of margin; only a knew the pack was close. He was still shape or in other ways transform
critical win resists the effect for miles from Copenhagen, and would the body of the vampire also affect
the entire scene. never make it on foot. Stopping for a clothing, swallowed items, and

@ Duration: One scene second, he surveyed the night air and other small (under a few grams)
then the water beneath him. To rake wearables. Protean does not affect
STAR MAGNETISM to the sky and try to outrace the sun, larger carried items, including
The Presence powers of the user or to bed down for the night in the backpacks, duffel and sports bags.
now effect people viewing them dirt and silt. He needed blood, but he For this reason users of Protean
on live feeds or hearing them over needed to survive another night firs. often travel light.
the phone. Recorded images or ‘The werewolves bayed as they m@ Type: Physical
messages do not retain the effect, closed on him, only to see the coward M@ Masquerade threat: High. One
however. Gangrel give a mock salute as he of the most overt Disciplines
@ Cost: One additional Rouse shifted into the earth. The outraged available to vampires, more
Check pup swiped at the fetid water and or less all Protean powers can
m@ System: Awe, Daunt, and En- stamped at the ground before being breach the Masquerade on
trancement can be transmitted dragged away by her kin. their own.
through live feeds via screens @ Blood Resonance: Animal
or phones. If Entrancement is Nicknames: Morphing, Shapeshift- blood, especially animals
used, the victim’s name must ing, Mutatio matching shapeshifted forms;
be spoken clearly, as that power the blood of werewolves,
only affects one person at a Werewolves despise vampires for changelings, and other super-
time. Anyone else viewing the their possession of this ability. natural chimeras of man and
same transmission only finds They consider it a mockery of their beast.
the user charming, but not own nature, as undead beings be-
supernaturally so. come wolves or bats, bearing claws Level 1
@ Duration: As power used and 

--- CHUNK 25 ---
gnashing fangs like one of
their own. Yet, Protean has flowed EYES OF THE BEAST
through the Blood for almost as The vampire can will a super-
long as the Kindred have existed. natural red gleam into their eyes,
Protean The power to mutate, shift form, giving them sight even in the total
Rudi waded through the shallow and become ever-deadlier preda- absence of light.
waters, looking over his shoulder to see tors is as natural to the vampire as @ Cost: Free
if his pursuers were tracking him now it is to the lupine. m@ System: No roll is required
he'd left the land and stopped leaving Practitioners of Protean em- to activate Eyes of the Beast.
a crail. He couldn’t see them, but he ploy the Discipline for its utility. While active the user ignores
could definitely hear their howls. He The power enables a vampire to any sight penalties imposed by
cursed. Meeting with lupines was never become a beast, turn their limbs darkness, including supernatu-
a safe proposition, but reacting the into weapons, or change their ral. While active, the inhuman
way he did, brandishing his claws and shape into clouds of mist to evade appearance of the eyes confers
threatening to take out thar werewolf capture, glide through keyholes, or two bonus dice to Intimidation
pup’s eyes... He should have had bet- slip through cracks in a window. pools against mortals.
ter control over his anger. He’s not a @ Duration: As long as desired
Brujah.
The Gangrel was no expert when Characteristics WEIGHT OF THE FEATHER
it came to sensing the unseen, but he Protean powers that change the The vampire can reduce their ef-
269
j .
COREBOOK ry! % WN
€ by 4
* i m
vy ‘ 4
Se p % mi i
h | Bp 4)
- AA it .

fective mass and density, making ens F Oe As Feral Weapons is not halved.

themselves almost weightless. This . ws §) 4 SS @ Duration: One scene

allows them to avoid triggering é . 4 a 4 S

pressure sensors as well as avoiding - Py : Gy

major damage from falls, collisions, | ana s 3 ee) Level 3

or being thrown. The power cannot fs is Dae ahs Ea S #4

be used for longer leaps, as the AP ye : i Ar s 4 EARTH MELD

vampire’s strength is proportion- a? ny se a Becoming one with the soil, the

ally reduced. Ly Mg iy ey if vampire sinks into the earth. Un-

@ Cost: Free co itt y ~ less in torpor, the vampire rises

Dice Pools: Wits + Survival Fra ae | a y again the following night.

m@ System: If the vampire has time aes , ; co 7 y @ Cost: One Rouse Check
to prepare, no roll is required. - % ¥ fi f j m@ System: No test is required, but
As a reaction, such as during a x | 40% ; fy mh 7 ? the vampire must be on a natu-
sudden fall, activating the pow- ee J 7 4 b ral surface: rocks, raw earth,
er requires a Wits + Survival roll ase: e i x grass, etc. This power does not
at Difficulty 3. As long as the s work on concrete, asphalt, or
power is in effect, the vampire 9 other artificial surfaces. It takes
is immune to damage from falls, a turn for the vampire to sink
collisions, and being thrown. & into the earth, leaving carried
The user also avoids triggering is . objects behind atop the soil.
devices that rely on pressure, at 5 While in the earth the vampire
the Storyteller’s discretion. is aware of their surround-

@ Duration: As long as desired . ings, except during day-sleep.

At those times, disturbances
N (eg., digging or loud noises)
Level 2 awaken them or not as with all
vampires (p. 219).

FERAL WEAPONS : v @ Duration: One day or more, or

The vampire can extend their t, ‘ PS } until disturbed

natural weapons to monstrous is. ’ A i . . ig

proportions. This usually takes the on mone § 4 SHAPECHANGE

form of fingernails extending into ri in , The vampire can assume the shape

wicked talons but can also come in i vag : of an animal roughly the same size

other forms such as fangs elongat- = Ri ic =e as their original mass. The vampire
ing into veritable daggers, as from : \ can only change into one type of

a gigantic serpent. 7 dj y animal (usually a wolf, sometimes

@ Cost

--- CHUNK 26 ---
: One Rouse Check att z iN J a large feline or a giant snake),

m@ System: No skill roll is needed 2 — - se "9 .< Naat usually one associated with their
to activate this power. When ti clan or the type of prey they most
activated, the vampire adds commonly feed on. The animal,

a +2 modifier to their Brawl while usually a spectacular example
damage, and causes Aggravated of their species, shows no signs
Health damage to mortals. Su- to a mundane observer of being
perficial damage inflicted from supernatural.

270
DISCIPLINES
@ Cost: One Rouse Check Level 5 vampire exceedingly hard to stake
m@ System: No test is required. as the position of their heart
The transformation takes one MIST FORM changes nightly, and can even
turn, during which the user The vampire gains the legend- allow the user to free themselves
may take no other actions. ary power to turn into a cloud of from paralysis.
Upon transformation, the mist, perceivable to the eye but @ Cost: Free
vampire gains the Physical untouchable by anything save fire, m@ System: Increases the Diffi-
Attributes, senses, and native sunlight, and supernatural aggres- culty on any non-combat test
Skills associated with that ani- sion. They can fit through pipes, to stake the vampire by three.
mal (see p- 373) and also gains crevices, and cracks. While strong In Melee combat, only if the
that animal’s natural limits of winds might buffer chem, no natu- stake-wielder rolls a critical
communication, manipula- ral force can disperse the cloud. win does the stake penetrate
tion (most animals can carry @ Cost: One to three Rouse the user’s heart. Even if staked,
one thing in their mouth), Checks the user can make a Rouse
and so forth, The vampire can m@ System: No roll is required. Check and roll their Strength +
use other Disciplines, at the The transformation takes three Resolve (Difficulty 5) once per
Storyteller’s discretion. (By turns, though it can be sped up hour. A win means they man-
and large, they can use Auspex, with additional Rouse Checks age to free themselves from
Animalism, Celerity, Forti- on a one-for-one basis. While paralysis as the stake is pushed
tude, Potence, and Protean; in mist form, the vampire out of their body. They cannot
many powers of Dominate, moves at walking pace and attempt such stake expulsion
Obfuscate, and Presence pose perceives their surroundings at Hunger 5.
problems; Blood Sorcery is through mystical means as if @ Duration: Passive
completely off the table.) there as normal. A vampire in
@ Duration: One scene unless mist form cannot make eye
ended voluntarily before that contact or speak. They can use
only those Disciplines requir- Blood Sorcery
ing no physical form or pres- Carna always found this ritual
Level 4 ence, at the Storyteller’s discre- unwholesome, buc playing with blood
tion. While in mist form the was a dirty business. Calling on her
METAMORPHOSIS vampire can only be damaged vitae to give strength, she used a warm
@ Prerequisite: Shapechange by sunlight, fire, and immate- spoon to pop free the unconscious vic-
rial supernatural attacks (such tim’s eyeball. She sighed, quite human-
This power grants an additional as some Rituals). like, as she twisted the orb from its
animal form to the user, this time @ Duration: One scene unless tether and placed it in her mouth.
also enabling them to change their ended voluntarily before that Holding her hand out, the eye still
size. Vampires most commonly in place on her tongue, her clanmate
metamorphose into bats, rats, THE UNFETTERED HEART placed a heavy knife on Carna’s palm.
unusually large insects, or snakes. Having mastered the power of Without hesitation, she pulled the tip
(see p. 373) Protean, the very insides of the of the victim’s tongue out between his
@ Cost: One Rouse Check user become malleable, almost teeth, and sawed through the muscu-
m@ System: Same as Shapechange. viscous. The heart, seat of the vitae lar organ. She placed the tip in her
@ Duration: One scene unless and unlife

--- CHUNK 27 ---
 of the vampire, detaches mouth, and proceeded to swallow the
ended voluntarily before that and moves freely, if sluggishly, two components as her fellow Tremere
within the chest. This makes the treated the man’s bleeding orifices.
271
COREBOOK

Carna turned to study the Thra- masters of this Discipline develop and cult leaders, as well as
cian text on the wall overlooking this their own Rituals, though many hemophiles and bibliophiles.
entire macabre scene. The man had guard them from others, revelling
resisted her mental compulsions, had in the mystery surrounding their Level 1
refused to translate the work willingly, unknown cache of abilities. To
and would have never succumbed to practice Blood Sorcery is to twist CORROSIVE VITAE
torture. It was a sad necessity that she one’s own Blood into submission. Altering the properties of some of
would have to take his eye and tongue Any form of this power reminds their own Blood, the user can make
to read and speak the ancient language a vampire that they're far from it highly corrosive to dead sub-
known only to him. human, as no mortal could wield stances, able to corrode most items

magic in this way. down to steaming sludge, given
Nicknames: A Kind of Magic, enough time and Blood shed.
Thaumaturgy, Quietus @ Cost: One or more Rouse
Characteristics Checks

The Tremere maintain that Blood Blood Sorcery is a special Discipline M@ System: No additional skill roll
Sorcery, or “Thaumaturgy” as they in that it both confers powers, like is required. The user concen-
call it, was their invention. To hear other Disciplines, and also unlocks trates for a turn and forces
the Banu t laqim give their version, the ability to perform Rituals up Blood through an open, usually
“Quietus” was their blood right to and including the level the user self-inflicted, wound. The user
long before the Tremere became holds in the Discipline. Its regular then spills their Blood on a
vampires. Other clans make the powers seem comparatively weak, nonliving object (except unliv-
same statements. While its origins but the versatility of the Rituals ing flesh such as that of the
are murky, the dreaded nature of more than compensates, assuming Kindred) to corrode and de-
Blood Sorcery is not. Few Kindred the user can learn them. At charac- compose it. Each Rouse Check
trust the wielders of a power that ter creation, a player can choose one corrodes approximately 35 cm
can manipulate the vitae in their Level 1 ritual if they have at least of matter in all directions from
veins and turn Blood into poison. one dot in Blood Sorcery. Charac- the splash, this takes approxi-

Unlike other Disciplines, which ters can buy new rituals at the cost mately five minutes (longer
could be described as advancing of the ritual’s level x 3 experience on soft metals like copper or
organically through the victims points. Learning new Rituals during cast iron). Harder metals such
chosen by the vampire, practi- play requires both experience and as alloys and steel merely scar
tioners of Blood Sorcery require time. Expect a Ritual to take at least and pit; whether they meaning-
teachers. The Tremere once relied the square of its rating in weeks to fully weaken remains at the
on their pyramidic clan hierarchy learn. Storyteller’s discretion. (This
to arrange tutelage for neonate m@ Type: Sorcery power might corrode through
apprentices, while the Banu Hagim a Masquerade Threat: Low-I ligh. handcuff chains given enough
stress the sire-childe relationship The individual appearance time and vitae.)
as being the best form of mentor- of the powers and Rituals in @ Duration: N/A
ship. These nights, many a Child Blood Sorcery varies as widely
of laqim washes up in Europe or as their effects. A TASTE FOR BLOOD
America far from their sire, and @ Blood Resonance: Sanguine. By tasting a drop of blood, the user
with the Pyramid broken Tremere Although not inherent in the can discern certain basic traits of
neonates frantically search through Blood its

--- CHUNK 28 ---
elf, Blood Sorcery the one to whom it belongs.
moldy tomes and palimpsests responds eagerly to blood from @ Cost: Free
for scraps of true lore. Genuine human occultists, sorcerers, Dice Pools: Resolve + Blood

272
DISCIPLINES
Sorcery of Intelligence + Blood Sorcery affected mortals, while hampering

m@ System: The user dabs the vs the Stamina + Composure of vampires if not necessarily render-
blood on their tongue and a target vampire in line of sight ing them helpless. Specific breath-
makes a Resolve + Blood Sor- while concentrating for a turn ing and biofeedback exercises
cery roll (Difficulty 3). With and gesturing subtly. Awin practiced by some secret societies
a win, the user can determine increases the target’s Hunger form the best defense against this
the resonance and intensity of by one while a critical win Blood, aside from Fortitude.
the blood if human. They can increases it by two. The victim @ Cost: One or more Rouse
also identify whether the blood can discern who afflicts them Checks
belongs to a mortal, ghoul, if they can see the user while Dice Pools: Strength + Blood
vampire, or other supernatural making an Intelligence +Oc- Sorcery vs Stamina + Occult or
creature (it may not neces- cult vs Wits + Subterfuge roll. Fortitude
sarily be able to identify the @ Duration: N/A @ System: The user concentrates
supernatural creature if not for a turn and forces Blood
Kindred or ghoul). Tasting through an open, usually self
vitae also determines the rela- Level 3 inflicted, wound. Each Rouse
tive Blood Potency (and thus Check worth of poison made
the likely generation band) of BLOOD OF POTENCY takes a turn and emits enough
the vampire. A critical win also The vampire can concentrate Blood to coat one bladed melee
reveals whether the subject has their Blood, increasing its potency weapon stickily or to fill one
ever committed diablerie, and temporarily. mouthful to be spat at a foe.
the generation (within one) of @ Cost: One Rouse Check Spitting poison at someone
the vampire. If the user knows Dice Pools: Resolve + Blood involves a Dexterity + Athlet-
of the supernatural creature in Sorcery ics attack roll (which can be
question, they can identify the M@ System: The user makes a dodged like any ranged attack),
specific supernatural creature Resolve + Blood Sorcery roll although vampires have been
on acritical win after tasting against a Difficulty of 2 + their known to French kiss a victim
the blood. Blood Potency. A win increases and transfer the poison that

@ Duration: N/A their Blood Potency by one for way. Even more subtle vam-

that scene; a critical win in- pires scorpionate their Blood
creases it by two. The vampire to poison would-be diablerists:

Level 2 can use this power to exceed drinking poisoned Blood from

their generation limit on Blood the vein guarantees a hit! Aside

EXTINGUISH VITAE Potency during its duration. from such vein-to-fang trans-

The user can intentionally remove @ Duration: One scene or one mission, however, scorpionated

the unlife-giving properties of night Blood is a contact poison that

some of the Blood in another vam- sublimes away in liquids and
pire, stoking their Hunger as the SCORPION’S TOUCH is too viscous to inject witha
victim’s inner reserves curdle into The vampire can transmute some syringe. The user cannot poison
impotence. of their Blood into a paralyz- beverages with it or (thanks

@ Cost: One Rouse Check ing poison, capable of affecting to the pressure differential)

H Dice Pools: Intelligence + Blood mortals and vampires alike. They inject it by their own bite. Ar-
Sorcery vs Stamina + Compo- can use this ichor to coat bladed rowheads and bullets carry too
sure weapons, or even spit it at a target. little Blood to use this power

m@ System: The user rolls a contest Scorpionated Blood incapacitates with ranged weapons; the ef

273
COREBOOK
fect does not last long enough Wits + Occult. A win opens Aggravated damage from
for the user to fill hollow bul- an arterial woun

--- CHUNK 29 ---
d, and the this poison, the user rolls the
lets with scorpionated Blood. vampire can start feeding from contest again; on a win, the
If the poison hits, the user across the room. (A target vampire enters torpor when
rolls a contest of Strength + wearing full-body protection next they go to sleep.
Blood Sorcery vs Stamina + such as a hazmat suit merely @ Duration: The poison remains
Occult. (Vampires with Forti- bleeds ecstatically out into the potent for one scene
tude may resist with Stamina suit.) The user can do nothing
+ Fortitude.) If the user wins, else while feeding, but they can CAULDRON OF BLOOD
the poison does the margin feed at twice the normal speed This gruesome power lets the user
in Aggravated Health damage (at triple speed on acritical boil the blood of a victim in their
to mortals and in non-halved win) thanks to the sorcerous own veins, causing massive dam-
Superficial Health damage to pressure of this power. age and excruciating pain. While
vampires. A mortal who takes @ Duration: One feeding there are more efficient ways to kill,
even one point of damage col- few methods approach this level of
lapses unconscious. cruelty.
@ Duration: The poison remains Level 5 M@ Cost: One Rouse Check and
potent for one scene gain one (or more) Stains
BAAL’S CARESS M Dice Pools: Resolve + Blood
The vampire can transmute their Sorcery vs Composure + Occult
Level 4 Blood into an extremely aggres- or Fortitude
sive poison, lethal to mortal and M@ System: The user pays the cost
THEFT OF VITAE Kindred alike. and touches the victim (Dex-
Through mystical means the @ Cost: One or more Rouse terity + Athletics in combat
vampire opens a wound in a major Checks or similar situations), rolling a
artery of a mortal victim, blood Dice Pools: Strength + Blood contest of Resolve + Blood Sor-
shooting out through the air in a Sorcery vs Stamina + Occult or cery vs Composure + Occult.
stream toward the open mouth Fortitude (Vampires with Fortitude may
of the user. This has the addi- M@ System: This power uses the resist with Composure + For-
tional effect of keeping the mortal same system (and its poison titude.) On a win, each point
subdued as if in the throes of the has the same restrictions) as of margin causes one point of
Kiss, and the wound closes by itself Scorpion’s Touch (p. 273), with Aggravated damage in the vic-
once the effect ends, whether the increased damage. tim. Mortals taking at least one
victim expired or not. This power If the poison hits, the user point of damage die screaming.
is extremely spectacular and a rolls a contest of Strength + Vampire victims add 11 lunger
potential Masquerade breach while Blood Sorcery vs Stamina + Oc- per point of damage inflicted,
in progress, but once ended leaves cult. (Vampires with Fortitude until Hunger is at 5.
no traces. may resist with Fortitude in lieu @ Duration: One turn
@ Cost: One Rouse Check of the Occult Skill.) If the user
HB Dice Pools: Wits + Blood Sor- wins, the poison does the margin
cery vs Wits + Occult in Aggravated Health damage .
m@ System: The user makes a beck- to mortals and vampires alike. A Rituals
oning gesture toward a mortal mortal who takes even one point Unless otherwise noted, perform-
target in line of sight and rolls of damage dies instantly, ing a ritual requires a Rouse Check,
their Wits + Blood Sorcery vs Ifa vampire target takes five minutes per level to cast, and
274
DISCIPLINES

a winning Intelligence + Blood Ward lasts until the warded object
Sorcery test (Difficulty = Ritual is physically destroyed or broken;
level + 1). Rituals usually require the trespasser cannot do this.
additional ingredients, though Do not make the Ritual roll
some need only the uninterrupted until the first time the trespasser
concentration of the user, and of- touches the Ward, triggering its ef
ten involve the mingling of Blood fect. Gloves or other garments of-
with ingredients chosen according fer no protection. If the caster wins
to the principles of sympathetic th

--- CHUNK 30 ---
e Ritual test, the victim suffers
magic or alchemy. Unless otherwise one point of Aggravated Health
stated the caster can only perform damage. On a critical win, damage
beneficial rituals on themselves. for this Ward is three points of

Aggravated damage. ‘The caster

does not need to make the Ritual
Wards roll for each trespasser touching
The Tremere employ Wards the Ward, only the first. Anyone
extensively, basing them on their affected who wants to touch the
Hermetic traditional sigils. Banu warded object again must spend a
Hagim Wards usually involve point of Willpower and then win a
gematriac or abjadic writing, Stamina + Resolve test (Difficulty
rather than occult symbols, but 4, or 7 for a critical-success Ward)
the methodology remains the same to make the attempt.
in both cases. Wards consist of a Sense the Unseen (Auspex a)
glyph or line of script keyed to can detect a Ward with a contest of
repel a single type of supernatural, | Intelligence + Auspex vs the caster’s
called “the trespasser” in these i! Intelligence + Blood Sorcery.
rules. When touched, they cause
something like an electric shock ] WARDING CIRCLES A Warding
to the trespasser’s mind and body, circle resembles a regular Ward,
imparting both physical burns painted on the ground or floor.
and a sudden bout of sheer terror. It requires three times the ritual
The ward does not work on forced ingredients ofa regular Ward of
contact - a warded sword will not the same type. Knowledge of one
trigger the ward when striking a Ward does not convey knowledge
trespasser, but it will iffa trespasser of its corresponding Warding
tries to pick it up. circle, or vice versa. ‘Trespassers

Wards can only cover a space who attempt to cross a Warding
about a meter across: for example, circle suffer its effect. Unless the
a caster cannot ward a whole car, caster inscribes the Warding circle
but they can ward a steering wheel. “pointing inward” around the tres-
The caster pours their Blood on the passer in the first place, it does not
object to be warded, tracing the block attempts to leave the circle.
glyph in it with their bare finger. Its rules differ from regular
Once the caster wipes the Blood Wards in a few respects: It costs
off, the ward becomes invisible. The three Rouse Checks worth of Blood
275
COREBOOK

to paint the circle and pentacles, cup, spending an roughly an hour. ore or a small magnet and a

which can cover up to a three-meter m@ System: A win on the Ritual roll liter of blood from any source

radius. It takes one full night to cast (see General Systems) allows ina silver bowl

and a Ritual roll made at the time the user to learn the generation @ Process: The user spills their

(at +2 to Difficulty) if the caster and name of the subject as well Blood into the blood in the

wants it to last a year and a day; as the subject’s sire. A Critical bowl and then recites a chant

otherwise it dissipates at dawn. Win also informs the user of over it for an hour, repeating
When the trespasser attempts any Blood Bonds active on the the chant over the next two

to cross the circle, roll a contest subject, as regnant or thrall. nights. The pebble (or magnet)

of Intelligence + Blood Sorcery vs absorbs the blood over the

the trespasser’s Willpower. (If the CLINGING OF THE INSECT three nights; upon successful

Storyteller or player wrote down The vampire gains the ability to completion, the liquid appears

the result of the original Ritual roll cling to walls like a grotesque translucent.

used to cast a year-long Ward- insect or spider. m@ System: Make the Ritual roll at

ing circle, they can use that result a Ingredients: A living spider the end of the third night. Ona

here.) If the Warding circle fails, @ Process: The caster fills a vial win the caster attunes their mind
the trespasser can enter it. If the with their own Blood and to the Bloodstone. The caster can
caster wins, the trespasser takes crushes the spider into it, mix- unerringly sense the direction
three p

--- CHUNK 31 ---
oints of Superficial Health ing the ground bits with the and distance to the stone. This
damage (three points of Aggravat- Blood before ingesting ic. (This effect lasts until the Bloodstone
ed damage on a critical win) and does not refund any Hunger is destroyed or a week has passed.
cannot enter. The trespasser must gained.) The caster can only A caster can have and keep track
spend a point of Willpower to perform this ritual on them- to a number of stones up to their
attempt to enter the circle again. selves; others gain no benefit Resolve.

If the trespasser wins the contest, from drinking the mixture.

enters the circle and leaves it again, m@ System: A successful Ritual WAKE WITH EVENING’S FRESH=

they must repeat their half of the yields the ability to cling to NESS

contest (the caster’s initial result walls and ceiling for a scene, Performed before dawn, this ritual

remains) to re-enter it. while a critical win extends the allows the caster to awake at any

duration to a whole night. The sign of danger, fully alert as if
caster must cling to the surface awake during the night.

Level 1 with both hands and feet; they a Ingredients: The burnt bones

move at approximately half and feathers of a rooster

BLOOD WALK their usual rate. @ Process: The caster mixes the

This Ricual expands upon the ashes with their own Blood,

power A Taste for Blood allow- CRAFT BLOODSTONE drawing a circle with the mix-

ing the user to learn more details This Ritual results in a Bloodstone, ture around their place of sleep.

about the subject studied, assum- a magical tracker to which the M@ System: Do not make a Ritual
ing the subject is a vampire. caster always knows the direc- roll unless true danger ap-

Lt] Ingredients: A silver cup filled tion as well as general distance. pears. If the caster is threat-
with Blood from the subject. As the Camarilla retreats from ened during the day, make the
(One Rouse Check’s worth) modern technology, this previ- Ritual roll chen, with the caster

@ Process: The user mixes their ously neglected Ritual has seen a rousing on a win. For the dura-
Blood with the subject’s and resurgence in use. tion of the scene the vampire
repeats an incantation over the a Ingredients: A pebble of iron ignores the daytime penalties

276
DISCIPLINES
for staying awake. On a critical EYES OF BABEL To follow the tracks, the caster
win, the effects last until the By ingesting the tongue and an makes an Intelligence + Sur-
following dawn, eye of a person the caster gains vival roll against a Difficulty

WARD AGAINST GHOULS the ability to read and speak any equal to 6 minus the margin on
Wary Tremere created this ritual language known by the victim. the ritual test. The target must
to protect themselves from the M@ Ingredients: A fresh eye and be known by face by the caster,
minions of vengeful rivals. tongue of a person who sees the path travelled by
This ward uses the standard @ Process: Plucking the ingredi- the victim over the previous 24
rules for Wards (p. 275). ents fresh from the victim, the hours. The path remains visible
a Ingredients: Nothing apart vampire chews and swallows for the entire night; a critical
from the usual requirement of them. (This most likely incurs win extends this to two nights.
the caster’s Blood. a Stain.)
m= System: The Rouse Check TRUTH OF BLOOD
Level 2 required for this ritual allows Until recently known only to Banu
for the supernatural dissolution Haqim viziers, this Ritual creates
COMMUNICATE WITH KINDRED of the ingredients once swal- a mystic potion capable of sifting
SIRE lowed. Once this is done, make lies from truth. This Ritual has
The caster uses the bond between the Ritual roll. A win gives the power enough even to sometimes
sire and childe to open a bridge caster the ability to read and uncover facts unknown to the
between minds, allowing the childe speak any language known by speaker.
to create a telepathic link for the the victim, at the same skill a Ingredients: One pint of bloo

--- CHUNK 32 ---
d
purpose of long-distance com- level for a week. A critical from the subject
munication. As with some other win extends the duration to a @ Process: The performer of the
Rituals, this one sees a resurgence month. Rirual mixes their own Blood
in these nights of wiretaps and with that of the subject ina
electronic surveillance. ILLUMINATE THE TRAIL OF PREY vessel large enough to allow for
a Ingredients: An object previ- The ritual allows the caster to the dipping of the finger.
ously possessed by the sire and perceive the previous whereabouts m@ System: Instead of the regular
a silver bow! filled with clear of a designated person as a subtly Ritual roll, the caster immers-
water. glowing trail, visible only to them. es their finger in the mixture
@ Process: The caster submerges m@ Ingredients: A white satin and makes a Resolve + Blood
the object in water and lets ribbon. Sorcery vs Composure + Oc-
their Blood drip into the bowl, @ Process: The performer of the cult roll for every statement
concentrating upon the last ritual soaks the ribbon in their made by the subject. The first
memory of their sire for up to own Blood, setting it alight. failed contest ends the Ritual.
30 minutes. @ System: If the Ritual roll A Win tells them whether
m@ System: Make the ritual roll after is a win the ribbon catches that statement is true, as far
15 minutes have passed. Awin fire despite being wet, burn- as the subject knows. On a
allows for ten minutes of two- ing fiercely like a fuse. Once critical win by the caster, the
way silent mental communica- consumed, the ritual takes subject involuntarily expands
tion once 15 more minutes have effect. While the ritual remains upon their answer, providing
passed. A critical win allows active, the caster can follow more information, including
immediate communication. Any faint traces of the target even details they glancingly saw or
major disturbance on either end in areas where they left no subconsciously forgot. (The
breaks the connection. tracks, such as crowded cities. Storyteller should inform the
277
COREBOOK
caster if there is no more in- Hagqim, this Ritual lets the user | Ingredients: Wood splinters or
formation about that topic.) rupture the very blood vessels of shavings
The mixture bubbles and the victim from afar, having only @ Process: The vampire mixes the
seethes during the process, touched them but briefly previous- shavings with their Blood and
turning completely to ash at ly. Mortals expire rather messily, draws a circle around them-
the end of the scene. and even vampires must fear this selves. They must then meditate
This Ritual cannot pierce silent killer. in this circle for an hour, con-
Cloud Memory, the Forget- m@ Ingredients: A gold inlaid cluding by placing one splinter
ful Mind, or other memory- ceremonial dagger of wood under their tongue.
wiping powers. The caster M@ Process: Before proceeding @ System: Make no Ritual roll
may well guess the cause of a with the ritual the victim must until the vampire is staked.
blank or foggy recollection, be exposed the caster’s Blood, If the Ritual roll is a win, the
but cannot recover the actual either by drinking it or having stake shatters as it touches the
memory. it touch an open wound or skin of the vampire. (A critical
even their bare skin: a single win blinds the attacker for
WARD AGAINST SPIRITS drop smeared across the arm two turns, showering their face
This Ritual wards an item against is enough. After an hour but with splinters.) This only works
incorporeal beings suchs as before a week has passed the on genuine attempts at stak-
wraiths, ghosts, and elemental caster can perform the ritual ing - merely holding the stake
spirits. Any attempt by them to by piercing their own skin against the vampire does not
manipulate or pass through the with the ceremonial dagger, trigger the effect. The protec-
item triggers the effect. shedding blood. As their Blood tion lasts until the end of the
This ward uses the standard hits the grou

--- CHUNK 33 ---
nd the ritual takes night or until the splinter is re-
rules for Wards (p. 275). effect. moved from under the tongue
a Ingredients: A handful of salt m@ System: Make a Resolve + of the vampire, whichever
(in some versions, a handful Blood Sorcery vs Stamina + comes first.
of brick dust) mixed with the Resolve roll. Every point of
Blood. margin on a win does a point ESSENCE OF AIR
of damage to the victim, as The caster creates a potion that
WARDING CIRCLE AGAINST their blood vessels burst and when imbibed allows for limited
GHOULS their lungs fill with blood. flight. The Camarilla frowns upon
This Ritual creates a circular Ward This damage is Aggravated for the use of this Ritual, due to
on the floor or ground, intended to mortals, but only Superficial the extreme risk of Masquerade
prevent the passage of ghouls. on vampires. The caster can breaches; for this reason, its popu-
This ward uses the standard repeat this process up to two larity has lessened considerably in
rules for Warding circles (p. 275). more times, each time requir- the modern nights.
Lt] Ingredients: The caster draws ing them to make an additional a Ingredients: Leaves and berries
the Warding circle with a hu- Rouse Check. of belladonna
man bone dipped in the Blood. @ Process: The caster steeps the
DEFLECTION OF WOODEN DOOM belladonna in their Blood,
Level 3 By performing this ritual the reducing the brew over a
vampire protects themselves from brazier while incanting words
DAGON’S CALL being staked. The first stake that of power.
A terrifying technique employed would pierce their heart shatters m@ System: Make the Ritual roll
by the assassins of the Banu before penetrating the skin. when reducing the mixture. (A
278
DISCIPLINES
critical win prepares two doses the caster; the fingertip regrows a Ingredients: Nothing but the
worth of potion.) The caster during day-sleep. Blood of the caster
can tell whether the ritual @ Process: The caster inscribes
succeeded, so they won’t end WARD AGAINST LUPINES a number of sigils and glyphs
up with a dud. The resulting This Ritual wards an item against on and around the area to be
black potion retains its potency werewolves, in any form. Any at- protected. They must take
for a night and activates when tempt by them to touch the item special care on windows and
imbibed. The potion enables triggers the effect. doorways, burt may even ward
the caster (and only them) to This ward uses the standard an open doorway if the area is
fly or hover at approximately rules for Wards (p. 275). indoors. (The ritual wards gray
running speed for a scene. The a Ingredients: A handful of silver or liminal areas, such as ruins,
caster can carry a human-sized dust mixed with the Blood. at the Storyteller’s discretion.)
mass, though their speed drops M@ System: The process takes
to walking speed. Grabbing and WARDING CIRCLE AGAINST an hour or more, depend-
carrying aloft an unwilling sub- SPIRITS ing on the state or the area
ject, or pulling the flier to the This Ritual creates a circular Ward to be warded. The area can
ground, both require a contest on the floor or ground, intended be no larger than a circle
between the caster’s Strength + to prevent the passage of spirits. with a six-meter radius. The
Blood Sorcery and the other’s Although more difficult than some ritual automatically fails if the
Strength + Athletics. Warding circles, it is one of the caster steps out of the area at

most commonly found in grimoires any time after the warding is

FIREWALKER and other sources. A human oc- complete. The caster makes the
A painful ritual to perform, this al- cultist could potentially recon- Ritual roll once the sun rises.
lows the caster to make themselves struct a functioning version of On a Win, shadow blankets
and even their comrades resistant this Ritual wich an Intelligence + the area, closing off any view of
to fire. Occult test (Difficulty 6), although the outside but also preventing
m@ Ingredients: A fingertip of the they could not cast 

--- CHUNK 34 ---
it without vitae any sun damage to the vam-

caster or some other supernatural aid or pires within. On a critical win,
@ Process: The vampire cuts one element. those inside can spy the outside

of their fingertips off and burns This ward uses the standard world dimly. The Ritual lasts

it together with their Blood in tules for Warding circles (p. 275). through an entire day unless

a golden chalice or bowl. @ Ingredients: The caster draws ended by the caster stepping
m@ System: Make a Stamina + Re- the Warding circle with an iron outside the area.

solve test (Difficulty 3) to cut off knife dipped in salt and Blood.

a fingertip. On a winning Ritual EYES OF THE NIGHTHAWK

roll, a bluish flame consumes Related to the primitive powers

the Blood and fingertip, signal- Level 4 of Animalism, this Ritual allows

ing the completion of the ritual. the caster to possess a carnivorous

For the rest of the night fire DEFENSE OF THE SACRED HAVEN fowl, usually a raven or a bird of

damage to the caster is halved. The performer of this powerful prey, directing its flight and seeing

This ritual can be performed ritual can ward their haven against through its eyes. Parrots and my-

on others, but the fingertips the sun itself, protecting their nahs, not being carnivores, cannot

sacrificed must all belong to resting place from penetration by be used in this Ritual. Some Trem-

the caster. The mutilation is not its destructive rays as a mystical ere spent years training crows or

enough to count as damage to darkness blankets the area. ravens to speak before using them

279
COREBOOK
as nighthawks, with the Pyramid of the broken mirror. While risk terror frenzy, and cannot
disrupted, fewer Warlocks have the incorporeal, the caster remains inscribe this Ward that night if
spare time now. immune to everything except they succumb to it.
a Ingredients: The eyes of the fire, sunlight, and arcane
bird used, taken at the conclu- weapons and rituals capable WARDING CIRCLE AGAINST
sion of the Ritual of damaging spirits. The caster LUPINES
@ Process: The caster feeds their can still be seen and heard This ward uses the standard rules
Blood to the bird and enters a but cannot interact physically for Warding circles (p. 275).
trance. with anything or anyone. They i Ingredients: The caster draws
@ System: On a winning Ritual cannot Rouse the Blood while the Warding circle with a silver
roll the caster can control the incorporeal. Incorporeal cast- knife dipped in wolfsbane and
bird and see through its eyes. On ers have no access to any spirit Blood.
acritical win, the bird can per- realm; the ritual does not make
form simple actions under con- them wraiths or spirits. The Level 5
trol, such as picking up objects caster can walk through walls
or manipulating keys or dials. and other objects but must ESCAPE TO TRUE SANCTUARY
The caster can use most non- do so in a straight line; they By preparing two mystic circles
physical Disciplines through the cannot change direction while in an arduous ritual the caster
bird, even Dominate assuming inside solid matter. This Ritual can instantly travel from one to
the caster has Telepathy (p. 252) lasts for one scene or until the the other. The journey is one-way,
or some other way to communi- caster drops the shard. Return- and the caster must designate one
cate with targets non-verbally. ing to the material while inside circle for departure while the “ar-
There is no limit to the range the solid matter can result in rival” circle serves as an exit.
bird can fly, though unless the anything from destruction to a Ingredients: Two charred cir-
caster plucks the eyes out of the entombment to minor incon- cles of approximately a meter
bird at the end of the night they venience (the ashtray is stuck in diameter.
themselves suffer blindness for halfway through the caster’s @ Process: The caster burns the
three nights to come. arm); the Storyteller decides circles into the ground or
the precise outcome. floor with an open flam

--- CHUNK 35 ---
e, then
INCORPOREAL PASSAGE consecrates each circle. Con-
The caster assumes an incorporeal WARD AGAINST CAINITES secration requires two hours
state, not unlike a ghost, able to This Ritual wards an item against of chanting per night and
freely pass through objects and all vampires except the caster. two Rouse Checks, for three
rendered totally immune to physi- Any attempt by them to touch the consecutive nights. In total,
cal damage. They cannot interact item triggers the effect. However, this ritual rakes twelve Rouse
physically with the material world a vampire examining the Ward Checks worth of Blood from
except by sight and speech. with Auspex can read the name of the caster.
a Ingredients: A mirror the caster in it with a successful m@ System: Once the circles are
@ Process: The caster spills their contest of Intelligence + Auspex complete the caster need but
Blood on the mirror, chanting, vs. the caster’s Intelligence + Blood step into the one designated
and then breaks it. Sorcery. for departure and concentrate
m@ System: Make a Ritual roll. This ward uses the standard for a turn, making a Ritual roll.
If the roll is a win, the caster rules for Wards (p. 275). (The caster makes the Ritual
assumes an incorporeal form m@ Ingredients: Ash warm from roll each time they attempt to
as long as they hold a shard a still-burning fire; casters travel, but can only make one
280
DISCIPLINES
attempt per scene.) On a win ritual completes; a critical
the caster vanishes, reappear- win heals the candle-fire
ing in an instant in the middle damage. The effect persists
of the exit circle. There is no indefinitely, and should the
limit to the distance between caster wish to reverse the
the two circles, but they must process they must repeat the
be inscribed on the ground or ritual.
on the floor of a building, not ee ee m@ System: While under the ef-
on the floor of a vehicle. The Mig ae Be a, ; fect of the ritual, the caster’s
caster can transport one person 4 ty: FTO ER ~ heart is literally made of stone.
or an object or objects total- Z am << Wh Stakes fail to penetrate it,
ing roughly human mass with W — y/ az \ \ breaking if forced. The caster
them. Damaging either circle v Ze 4 WN) also exhibits a complete emo-
ruins the ritual completely and = . a tional detachment, subtracting
renders both circles inert. A =— 4 f x \ three dice from any Remorse
vampire can only have one pair 4 i» A ~ : rolls as well as active (not
of these circles functional at 4 ‘ resisting) Social-related rolls,
any given time. 4 Ss except for Intimidation and

ri cS V Dominate. The caster cannot

HEART OF STONE P BN \ employ Presence but gains
Performing this ritual turns the a awe a three bonus dice to pools used
caster’s unliving heart to stone. * > * to resist the effects of that
This makes them immune to stakes i a Discipline.
but also, through some fluke of ‘e 4
sympathetic magic, completely ‘ 1 : SHAFT OF BELATED DISSOLUTION
remorseless and cold-hearted Pe ‘ . The Kindred fear few weapons as
automatons totally unreceptive to ¥ (fh they fear the dreaded stake created
emotional and social cues. Even by this ritual. Thought to be the
more so than normal. origin of the myth regarding stakes
a Ingredients: Astone slab and a ee of ~ as the ultimate tool for slaying

wax candle drenched with the ‘ pee. \ vampires, the Shaft of Belated

Blood of the caster i J ike » Dissolution not only seeks out the
M@ Process: The caster lies on : a SS ty 4 heart of the vampire it’s aimed at

the stone slab with the candle ooo ane a" é but actually causes Final Death

on their chest letting it burn ~ 2 , 4 when reaching its target. If need

down to nothing over the ~ be, the Shaft works toward this

course of a night. As the fire goal asa splinter, inching its way

reaches their chest, it causes through the target vampire’s body

one point of Aggravated dam- to reach its goal.

age and forces a terror frenzy m@ Ingredients: A stake carved of

roll (Difficulty 3). If the rowan wo

--- CHUNK 36 ---
od, inscribed with

caster fails the frenzy roll, the baneful runes

ritual ends. If the caster does @ Process: The caster drenches

not enter frenzy, they make the stake with two Rouse

the Ritual roll. On a win the Checks worth of their Blood,

281
COREBOOK
while blackening it inan the Warding Circle with a good, and I kind of don’t want to go
oak-wood fire while reading rowan wand dipped in the mix- back there. Ever.
incantations over it. The ritual ture of ash from a still-burning
takes five hours to complete. fire and Blood. Nicknames: Cooking, Home Brew,
M@ System: This stake confers a the Craft, Mashup
three-dice bonus to any pool . The thin Blood of the latest gen-
on any attempt to stake a Thin-Blood erations holds barely any power
vampire, whether hammered of its own. But certain thin-
in while the victim sleeps, Alchemy bloods have learned to use it as
wielded in melee, or fired from I knew Pedro was into some weird shit, a catalyst, awakening the latent
a crossbow. The caster need but I hadn’t really known how weird. power in everything from human
not wield the stake themselves. He had all of us looking for the strangest trauma to gasoline, Born of the
If the attack roll wins with a possible crap: leaded gasoline, green-apple street drug scene and cocktail
margin of five or better, the flavored vape juice, depleted uranium culture as much as it was uncov-
vampire withers to dust in a shavings, Diet Jolt Cola, and ethidium ered by instinct or in molder-
single turn as if consumed by bromide, whatever the fuck that is. We'd ing medieval texts, thin-blood
an invisible fire. If the stake bring it by and he'd put it in Tupperware Alchemy may be the defining art
hits, but the roll has insuf- or an old vodka bottle or a Ziploc baggie of the next-millennium lick. By
ficient margin (under five) or whatever, and paste a label on ic. Plus blending strongly resonant hu-
to pierce the heart, the stake every so often horse tranquilizers and man blood, and sometimes other
breaks off in the wound, the ketamine and PCP and shrooms and substances, with their own vitae,
tip burying itself'as it slowly that horrible Russian shit chat turns Alchemists can counterfeit a
begins to inch its way toward your skin black, but that we could just wide range of powers from other
the heart of the victim. De- chalk up to business as usual. Disciplines — and some unique
pending on where it struck this But like I said, the money was powers of their own. Rumors
can take hours or nights, but good and we could just take it and go already abound of specific elixirs
unless extracted by medical or get our own fun somewhere and ask no that grant the ability to walk in
mystical means, Final Death is questions. Until I made a delivery to his sunlight, commune with Antedi-
assured. To remove it surgically lab one night. He hadn't called, bur I'd luvians, or achieve Golconda. But
someone other than the victim scored a whole case of expired imported for now, the street-level cookers
needs to win a roll of Dexterity sauerkraut and thought Pedro might have all they can do to stay out
+ Medicine (Difficulty 6)ina want to buy it off me. Yeah, I was dry of the Court’s sight — plenty of
process that takes up to four and itching, but I swear I saw what | elders consider Alchemy nothing
hours. If no medical expertise saw. And I saw Pedro shirtless, with a but watered-down diablerie.
can be found, someone can motherfucking kiln going full blast, the Alchemy can counterfeit
remove the splinter by severing light reflecting off all those tubs and some Blood Sorcery powers
the afflicted limb — unless the containers on his shelves. And he had a (those that affect the caster’s
splinter has already reached tube running from some girl’s vein into Blood), but not Rituals. The
the torso. a Mason jar, filling it up with her blood. Storyteller can rule any other
He was writing the label for the jar so power off-limits to Alchemy if
WARDING CIRCLE AGAINST he didn’t see me. I think h

--- CHUNK 37 ---
e heard the they worry about game balance
CAINITES sauerkraut hic the floor though, and I’m or the plausibility of the fiction
This ward uses the standard rules sure he smelled it. —and reverse themselves later
for Warding Circles (p. 275). But he just called and asked ifmy if they wish, or hint at unique
@ Ingredients: The caster draws medical waste hookup had anything recipes developed in Switzerland
282
DISCIPLINES
or hidden in a Cairo library. The Some powers require their own experience or emotion caught in the
Discipline is young, and thin- dice rolls to take effect, or to blood can be just as powerful as rare
bloods have hardly explored measure the degree of success. The research chemicals.
every possible working or tasted Alchemist makes those rolls where The Storyteller should modify
every possible cocktail. needed, substituting their rating the dice pool up or down by one

in Thin-Blood Alchemy for the or two dice based on the quality of
Characteristics specific Discipline rating where the ingredients —and perhaps by
All formulae require vitae from the relevant. the originality if the player comes
Alchemist and human blood of the To learn a new formula up with suitably nasty or bizarre
correct Resonance (p. 226). The Res- requires research time, whether things for their Alchemist to use.
onant human blood can be stored the Alchemist spends it poring As a tule of thumb:
ina blood bag, or ina Starbucks through libraries or in medita- m@ Add one die for very rare or
to-go cup for that matter. The tion or on tasting expeditions or expensive ingredients (ones
specific amount needed depends on performing laboratory experimen- that require at least a story to
the degree of the donor’s Resonance tation. Players should write down source or Resources dots higher
and on the Storyteller’s whim. which formulae their character than the level of the formula);
In these rules, “power level” al- already knows, and any special subtract one die for cheap
ways refers to the level of Alchemy ingredients it requires. A character substitute ingredients you can
involved, not the level of the power receives a formula for free for each buy at a big box retailer. (Many
counterfeited with the formula. dot in Thin-Blood Alchemy and formulae include easily avail-
All formulae have a cost to can purchase additional formulae able industrial chemicals or Wy
distill, and then the cost to activate. with experience and experimenta- foods as standard ingredients; 4 4
The distillation cost reflects the tion. invoke this penalty only when
fact that all formulae include the a Masquerade Threat: Varies as the characters substitute such fv'
Alchemist’s own vitae: A single widely as the powers it coun- things fora superior ingredient
Rouse Check. Activation cost for terfeits and the method used. listed.)
a formula is the same as using the @ Blood Resonance: Required m@ Add one die for very potent
power normally: free, or some num- for each formula and varies or magical ingredients, such
ber of additional Rouse Checks. accordingly. as unicorn horn, red mercury,
Once activated, the Alchemist human blood with a Dyscra-
makes a distillation roll to deter- INGREDIENTS The listed ingredi- sia, werewolf blood, or vitae
mine how effective the particular ents for each formula are sugges- with Blood Potency two levels
mixture was. Each version of tions. Each thin-blood alchemist higher than the level of the
Alchemy builds a different dice develops their own proprietary formula; subtract one die for
pool for the distillation roll. The formulae, often writing the recipes medical bagged blood, melted-
more successes, the more effective down in code just as the medieval down candles from the New
the mixture: alchemists did. The alchemist’s own Age shop, or other faux magics.
SUCCESSES EFFECT OF THE Blood is the only unvarying ingredi- m@ Add one die for player creativ-
MIXTURE ent in all alchemical formulae, ity in suggesting ingredients,
2 Power weak, fluky, or although al

--- CHUNK 38 ---
most all of them also especially if sourcing them gets
late in happening require human blood ofa specific them into trouble or otherwise
4 Power works as Resonance. Cold or clotted blood advances the story.
intended can work in a formula if the alche-
6 Power increased in mist has enough of it. Ingredients DISTILLATION METHODS W/hen
Cites need not be physical —a specific the first dot in Thin-Blood Al-
283
COREBOOK
chemy is gained, the Alchemist (Some practitioners of Calcina- expedient. Using such unsuitable
chooses their method. This is the tio use drugs on their subjects equipment reduces the distillation
way they perform their distillation. instead.) The Alchemist then feeds dice pool by 2 dice.
Learning a different method means their Blood to the chosen human, The Alchemist can carry a
starting from scratch, essentially paying the distillation cost, and number of fixed formulae (of
counting it as a separate Disci- makes the distillation roll with any level) equal to their Wits or
pline. In this case, formulae for Manipulation + Alchemy. Dexterity — keeping the vials safe,
one method do not apply to other The human’s entire body stable, hidden, and leakproof is
methods known, and the same distills the formula. The Alchemist not a trivial task. (The Storyteller
formula must be learnt separately then drinks their blood to use the can decide if each vial takes up the
for each method. power (required Hunger slaked space of a syringe, a can of Red
equals power level minus 1). Bull, or a thermos.) The Alchemist
ATHANOR corporis The Alche- The Alchemist can only distill can store a number of fixed formu-
mist uses their own body as the one power per victim, though the lae (of any level) equal to twice the
athanor, or alchemical furnace. victim retains the formula within sum of Alchemy plus their dots in
This might be a bio-feedback rou- them as long as they're kept in the Haven: a refrigerator is almost a
tine, the result of an initial elixir same emotional state; each power necessity. Fixed does not necessar-
consumed at initiation, or simply takes as long to activate as it takes to ily mean shelf stable, after all.
intuitive understanding of how drain that quantity of blood (p. 212). The Alchemist can activate one
resonances interact. Ingredients power per turn.
WV, usually consist of different types FIXATIO Lacking the physical or
} 4 of resonance mixes, requiring the social predilections of the other
Alchemist to sample the blood of methods, the Alchemist uses a Level 1
AA multiple victims to get just the conventional athanor such as a
right blend. kiln, a metalworking furnace, a FAR REACH
The Alchemist drinks the meth cooker, a repurposed propane This formula allows the alchemist
different types of resonant blood tank, or the like. This method most to use their mind to grab, hold,
required and the process is per- resembles “classical” alchemy: the and push objects or people without
formed within their veins with Alchemist pours their Blood as well touching them. While few can
a distillation roll of Stamina + as inert, usually rare, ingredients employ enough mental force to
Alchemy, together with a Rouse into the athanor, pays the distilla- actually cause direct harm, a clever
Check. tion cost, and distills them inside it applicant can find many ways to
Only one power can be ac- with an Intelligence + Alchemy roll. get an opponent into, or them-
tive at a time, and a new power The resulting formulae are selves out of, harm's way.
must be distilled before it can be fixed, meaning that the Alche- a Ingredients: The alchemist’s
activated. This usually takes at mist can carry them around on Blood, choleric human blood,
least three turns of concentration, their person and imbibe them to melted nylon fibers or a grated
during which the Alchemist can do activate their power. (Roll the refrigerator magnet or weird
nothing else. distillation roll upon consumption, nootropics ordered off the
not upon production.) However, internet
CALC

--- CHUNK 39 ---
INATIO The Alchemist without a laboratory, they cannot @ Activation Cost: One Rouse
uses the body of a human as the make any more — at most, they Check
athanor, adjusting their biophysi- might be able to “one-pot” a weak @ Dice Pools: Resolve + Alchemy
cal state by means of emotional (Level 3 or less) formula using vs Strength + Athletics
pressure and spoken incantations. a pressure-cooker or other field @ System: The alchemist can lift,
284
DISCIPLINES
push, or pull a physical object a Ingredients: In addition to the find themselves a perfectly
or person under 100 kg, within alchemist’s Blood and phleg- formed specimen of the desired
their sight and closer than matic human blood, dry ice or gender. In essence it is as if
10 meters. The object moves cigar smoke or auto exhaust they had been born that way.
swiftly, but not rapidly enough @ Activation Cost: One Rouse There are even stories of self-
to injure a person with the Check made Duskborn women giving
blow; the object may break if ic @ System: Upon activation a birth to children. If desired, a
is fragile. The exception: knives cloud of mist-like vapor sur- modified procedure can create
or other small metal tools, rounds the alchemist, masking any configuration of gender or
which the alchemist can wield their features and obscuring agender imaginable.
with a Resolve + Alchemy test, their silhouette. Anyone at- @ Duration: Permanent until
at a two-dice penalty because tempting to identify the user or performed again.
of the need for precision. A hit them with ranged weapons
knife used this way does only suffers a two-dice penalty to Level 2
one point of extra damage. their pool. The user can extend At level 2, the Alchemist can de-
Trying to move someone the cloud to encompass a group velop formulae to counterfeit level
actively resisting requires a of up to five people by making 1 powers of other Disciplines.
contest of Resolve + Alchemy another Rouse check. Each of these formulae take at
vs Strength + Athletics. On a @ Duration: One scene or until least a week to research.
win, the alchemist can pull the voluntarily ended.
victim within grabbing or claw- ENVELOP Wy
ing range, or throw them one PROFANE HIEROS GAMOS This formula creates a mist that 4 4
meter for each point of margin Alchemical texts speak of the clings to a victim, blinding it and
on the contest, doing an equal Great Hermaphrodite, the union of (in the case of mortals) causing fv'
amount of Superficial dam- contrasts. Day and night, male and suffocation.
age. They land prone. Keeping female, life and death. Alchemists @ Ingredients: The alchemist’s
someone or something floating who master the worldly aspect of Blood, melancholic and phleg-
in mid-air requires a Resolve + the Hieros Gamos use the fluid matic human blood, potas-
Thin-Blood Alchemy (Dif- nature of their condition to change sium chlorate, smog or halon
ficulty 3) roll every turn. Fine their gender. It is a messy process gas
manipulation (such as pulling and requires great dedication and @ Activation Cost: One Rouse
the pin ofa grenade) requires a conviction, but it is a power that Check
Wits + Alchemy roll at a suit- many Kindred secretly envy in @ Dice Pools: Wits + Alchemy vs
able Difficulty, as determined their unchanging form. It is also Stamina + Survival
by the Storyteller. a great way to change identity or m@ System: The alchemist activates
@ Duration: One turn unless held | adopt a new mask. the power and chooses a target
(see above). a Ingredients: The alchemist’s within sight. A swirling mist
Blood, blood from five differ- envelops the target, obscuring
HAZE ent vessels identifying fully as their sight and penalizing them
This formula creates a field of mist the desired gender three dice from all sight-based
that follows the user, rendering m@ System: After brewing the detection and ranged attack
them more difficult to target with formula, the Alchemist per- dice pools. In addition, the
ranged weapons and concealing forms self-castrat

--- CHUNK 40 ---
ion and / or alchemist can make the mist
their identity. mastectomy before falling into suffocate a mortal with a
daysleep. Upon awakening they contest of Wits + Alchemy vs.
285


