--- CHUNK 0 ---
KINDRED SOCIETY
«
« e °
. @
. « @
a s ry
> oy £ s,
~ |? 2 “. °°
PY
~e .
oo tee
oo
er Sa °
-~ «@ ° . .
al “@ é Soo e ‘ . @
1
; —_ Lo +
* 6 @: é ls re sé
. 4 j A Te 2° :
SL “. ° ‘ey . @
‘
Where we are,’ -
There’s daggers "4 men’s smiles:
0° - al
The near in blood,
The nearer bloody.
-WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, MACBETH
Ancient and plowed fields came permanent settlements, cities, and
C eventually taxation. With taxation came the written
ontemporary word, and with all of this came the first god-kings and
emperors. This almost all Kindred academics agree on:
Outlooks these emperors of old were vampires as often as not.
Caine was a farmer. Abel a herdsman. This is not From the Antediluvians, the originators of the
lost on scientifically-minded Kindred who seek their blood-cursed clans in Enoch, all the way through the
ancient origins. Most of them place the advent of rise of Egypt, Rome, and Great Zimbabwe to the
Homo sanguinis relatively late in the story of mankind, final days of the Dark Ages, vampires tuled the Earth.
somewhere around 12.000 BC, with the development Divided into low and high clans, they saw themselves
of agriculture and the rise of civilization — at the fall of as the rightful lords of humanity and fed on those
the Eden of hunter-gatherer society, if you will. below them. Many of them still do, even if the fires of
The farthest reaching theory casts Caine himself the Inquisition have forced them to reconsider their
as the wanderer who spread the idea of planting and methods. So yes, the Kindred are ancient. Still, even
harvesting to at least eleven different sites in the New the eldest of their kind must exist in the here and now,
and Old World, where human scholars claim the in the second decade of the 2ist century.
practice arose independently and spontaneously, With During the five hundred years since the first
47
COREBOOK

Inquisition, they have adapted to human culture and motion. Perhaps they seek to influence others because
learned to hide and wear masks that look like us. Their they have so little control over themselves. They are
only chance to follow us into the modern age was con- slaves to an addiction that can never be cured. And,
vincing us they did not exist, so they aided the rise of regardless how powerful they get, there is always the
rational thought and science, sponsoring the Newtons tisk of becoming servants or prey to ancient sires.
and Descartes of their respective domains. To the ra- The Jyhad is perhaps what happens when the war
tional mind, their existence was obscured as an impos- between the begetter and the begotten never reaches
sibility. Capitalism was a boon to them as well, even if a resolution. An endless struggle between generations
neither free trade nor communism was their invention. of ancients who were neonates millennia ago, and who
These systems enabled a smooth transition from dark have let their descendants inherit their strife. Fueled
sovereigns into invisible masters of banking, profiteers by personal vendettas and utopian dreams, the Jyhad
of the opium trade, politburo chiefs, and Gulag overse- is the spindle weaving the tapestry of Kindred history.
ers. They have flourished in systems of power as diverse It places the young and the idealistic as pawns of the
as the slave trade, the stock exchange, the music and ancients on the board of undead politics. And it often
fashion industries, the dot-com boom, and the green leaves marks, if not scars, on the mortal world.
energy race. In this way, they are surprisingly adaptable The count of world-altering battles fought in the
as a species if not always as individuals. Jyhad began with the First City and continues to this

The eldest minds among them are frozen in time, night. The destruction of Enoch was likely caused by
lost in dated ideologies, and unable to fathom how the fourth and fifth generation of Kindred turning on
smartphones could be superior to the printing press, their Antediluvian progenitors, as the Antediluvian

--- CHUNK 1 ---
s
yet simultaneously forced to contend with enemies had turned on each other before them. The Punic Wars
using satellites to track them and smart bombs to were a mortal symptom of the bitter strife between
destroy them. Ventrue and Malkavian elders masquerading as patri-

The youngest live by encryption on the cutting cians of Rome on one side and utopian dreamers led by
edge of social media and listen to Trentemoller on the African Brujah Troile on the other. There and then,
Spotify, loathing their own history and the tyranny the great rebel vision — to live openly among mortals
of their elders. They have to contend with a system —was defeated. Not for the first time, nor for the last.
of rule that was archaic already 500 years ago and rub It has been crushed by force or by its inherent impos-
shoulders with Mongol warlords and veterans of the sibility again and again through the years. The rise of
Seven Years’ War. the Cainite | leresy and the high clans of [le-de-France

It seems, no matter how fast they follow the triggered the horrors of the Albigensian crusade. The
technological development, the Kindred will always be Kindred themselves lit the flame of the Inquisition
partly stuck in the past. Unwilling or unable to recon- that nearly burned the curse of Caine from the Earth.
cile their differences, the old fight the young, and this The fall of Constantinople during the madness of the
forms the foundational rift in Kindred society — cur- Fourth Crusade rose like a storm of blood around the
rently expressed in the conflict between the Camarilla diablerie of the “Archangel” Michael and saw the end
and the Anarchs. They call it the War of Ages. of the dream of the Byzantine Triumvirate.

The final nights of the Dark Ages and the War
of Princes coincided with the formation of the great
sects, forged from multiple uprisings and betrayals
Jyhad that killed the old order of high and low clans and
The Kindred like power. They like holding the con- set childe against sire once more. The foundation of
trolling interests in banking empires, being owed a the death cult of the Sabbat and the diableries of at
life debt from a narco-emperor, having a hand in the least two Antediluvians heralded the beginning ofa
upbringing of child prodigies, and setting uprisings in new age. But even after the Kindred of the Camarilla
48
KINDRED SOCIETY

elected to go into deep hiding to escape the wrath of .
mortals at the Convention of Thorns, the Jyhad con- The Camarilla
tinued unabated. The destruction of any ancien régime The Camarilla is the most widely influential organiza-
is always a convenient cover for the dead, and both the tion Kindred history has ever known. Its stated pur-
French Revolution and the October Uprising saw the pose is to preserve the Masquerade, an elaborate veil
collection of the blood of nobles by Kindred seeking to of deception pulled over the eyes of the living to hide
destroy their elders. Well into these nights of postmo- the existence of the Kindred. But the Camarilla is so
dernity, of neon lights and CCTV, methuselahs like much more. It is a conspiracy to preserve the power of
Helena and Menele still rage against each other, though the elders, an undead secret society influencing global
Troy is no more than ash and legend. business and politics, the closest thing the Kin-

Every Kindred wants to believe they dred have to a system of government, and
know their place in the Jyhad, but few an international union of cities akin to
do. Schemes the Prince of Cairo the United Nations — complete with
hatches to rid his city of faithless acentral inner circle and a cadre of
Anarchs in the chaos of the Arab | ’ justicars and archons traveling the
Spring are not his own, but feed ] ) = world to “keep the peace,” answer-
into the plans of a methuselah in \ YL. Ve 3 olf ing to nameless masters. The sect
catacombs beneath Turin. Layers 2 UK % Np *) i maintains a fierce moral stance
upon layers of intricate politi- SNOW on preser

--- CHUNK 2 ---
ving humanity in the
cal games and strategic alliances S aN es P Z face of the impulses of the Blood,
obscure reality, but as the Sabbat cS . ew seeing themselves as the shep-
howl about Gehenna, the Anarchs. rey "OS herds of the blind human throng —
take up arms again, and the elders he simultaneously morally superior and
of the seventh generation and lower Vg inferior to their short-lived subjects.
are beckoned back to where it all The sheer age, power, and wealth
began, it looks like things are heading for of many Camarilla members, and the
the endgame. recent exclusion of the Anarchs from

The elders who remain in their havens their ranks, makes the sect distinctly upper
gorge themselves on fledgling vitae to stay sane and class. These are the monsters that hide behind
resist the call. Instead of governing directly they retreat $5000 cocktail dresses, meticulously tended stock
into paranoid seclusion, leaving underprepared neo- portfolios, and havens guarded by blood slaves in
nates to rule in their stead. The “inheritance coteries” private security uniforms. They are the one percent of
are everywhere now, holding fiefdoms and ganglands, the one percent and they hunger for more. Their pawns
while their masters have left for the East or are scream- are placed in banking and in Congress, making deals
ing at the invisible phantoms of their Blood madness. and passing bills. They are masters of disinformation,
Many of the stand-in rulers do not plan to give back propaganda, and blackmail, never leaving a loose end
what they got when the elders return. Why shouldn’t untied for long. These nights, there is a lot of tying to
one generation's apocalypse be another’s beginning? do, but the Camarilla does not hesitate to lay ruin to

But yes, vampires live forever, so who is to say their human lives and Kindred unlives to protect the secrets
apocalypse will not last for a mortal age? If this is the of their influence.
end at all. The unbound shake their heads, describing the To most members of the Camarilla, Caine is just
latest incidents in the blood opera of the Jyhad as nothing a myth, a metaphor for their curse, rather than a
but schemes and personal vendettas disguised as prophecy historical individual. That said, many still cling to their
and destiny. To them, the ancients are just people with Christian, Jewish, or Muslim faiths like straws in a
power, grudges, and way too much time on their hands. storm, trying to find meaning and purpose in their un-

49
COREBOOK
/ *
Seah ye See at ns wv. ‘ ras
7 TU gad yy Sq a eae
4, , 4. i a: ae - a 4
1 RS, SS, SS A
Fee AD y x
Ng BS (J y t “ . \
Ss t Bo ve
KINDRED SOCIETY

lives. The Middle Eastern counter- emonies, negotiations, and heated sloppy feeding with witnesses, a
part to the Camarilla — the Ashirra debate, protected and directed by vulgar display of undead might,
—is entirely based on using Islam the Keeper and their heralds, also a confession to a beloved mortal.
to temper the murderous impulses known as harpies. One may be These things happen, but Kindred
of the Blood. Still, ancestor wor- hidden behind the dark rooms of are expected to clean up after
ship is a widespread and accepted an upscale fetish club, another in an | themselves, or there will be hell
practice in the Camarilla, with otherwise unused nuclear bunker, a to pay. The crime-world code
ancient Methuselah like Mithras third in the Guggenheim’s Brancusi “snitches get stitches” doesn’t even
and the Dracon serving the func- collection at night. begin to describe how seriously
tion of saints. In some clans the Order in the domain at large is both the Camarilla and the An-
Antediluvians have become objects maintained by a sheriff, gendarme, archs take the Masquerade. In the
of veneration — imagined as the constable or whatever law enforce- age of YouTube dares, clickbait,
embodied ideals of their blood- ment term is used locally. They are and fake news, a Masquerade
lines. usually more hitman than cop, and | breach is 

--- CHUNK 3 ---
easily overlooked by the

A Camarilla city is run in the summary justice tends to be the masses, but any transgression can
fashion of a feudal court, even if norm as the Camarilla frown on end with a black ops team kicking
their gatherings may look more modern ideas like due process. If in a haven door. Only the crazi-
like slick boardroom mectings or you get dragged before the Council | est of Cainite superiority fanatics
rough gatherings of criminal car- to plead for mercy instead of dream of an age where they can
tels. The hierarchy is absolute. At chained beneath a sunroof, you’ve rule openly; the rest have faced
the top we find the Prince, a crea- been lucky. reality — the undead fare better
ture impressive or cunning enough as parasitic powers behind the
to be acknowledged as the absolute The Six throne than as great predators or
leader of their domain. Below them Traditions infernal lords of human domin-
are the members of the Primogen ions.
Council — representatives of the The Six Traditions form the core
major Camarilla factions in the framework for governance among THE SECOND TRADITION:
area, Whether they are clan elders the Kindred. While they are inter- THE DOMAIN
or a gathering of those who hold preted in wildly different ways and | Thy domain is thine own concern. All
the largest hunting grounds, they given various attention by individ- others owe thee respect while in it. None
speak directly to the Prince, who ual princes and councils, they are may challenge thy word while in thy
will do best by listening to their ancient customs that no initiated domain.
advice. More than one lord has Camarilla Kindred is unaware of.
been ousted by their own council. Even if they were, ignorance is no A prince’s domain is the whole
Some princes choose a seneschal, excuse for breaking them. city, but they may grant rights to
who acts as personal advisor or those who have served them, allow-
replacement when the Prince is THE FIRST TRADITION: ing others to rule over a district or
unavailable. THE MASQUERADE a city block in their stead. This cre-

When needed, the court gather Thou shall not reveal thy true nature ates an elaborate hierarchy of liege
in secret sanctuaries known as Ely- to those not of the Blood. Doing such lords and lieges, reminiscent of the
siums, often changing locations to shall renounce thy claims of Blood. feudalism of the lace Middle Ages.
maintain absolute privacy and using Knowing the lay of the land and
a myriad deceptions to hide Kin- The first tradition is the only one who has the claim to its use is vital
dred affairs from mortal scrutiny. universally respected, but also the to navigating the urban labyrinths
Elysiums accommodate feasts, cer- one that is broken most often. A of the night.

51
COREBOOK
THE THIRD TRADITION: THE FOURTH TRADITION:
THE PROGENY THE ACCOUNTING
Thou shall only Sire another with Those thou create are thine own
the permission of thine elder. If thou children. Until thy Progeny shall be Re-
createst another withouc thine Elder’s leased, thou shall command them in all
leave, both thou and thy Progeny shall things. Their sins are thine to endure.
be slain.
Tonight, release into the Camarilla
Overpopulation can quickly become is more a question of initiation
a serious threat to the Masquerade, than anything else. If a childe
and having to ask the Prince for does not have what it takes to join
permission to make a childe is the the elite, they are thrown to the
best way to avoid it anyone has Anarchs, to be hunted and stepped
come up with. A companion of on like the rest of the unbound,
one’s own Blood is one of the things if not destroyed outright. Childer
most desired by Kindred, and a who are accepted, but escape from
thing they cannot freely have. Thus, oppressive sires are still their
it is a coveted gift anda powerful responsibility, so the maker better THE SIXTH TRADITION:
tool in securing alliances. find their wayward progeny fast. DESTRUCTION
Vampire populations used And pu

--- CHUNK 4 ---
nish them. Thou art forbidden to destroy another
to hover around one per 100.000 of thy kind. The right of destruction
mortals, but tonight — who can THE FIFTH TRADITION: belongeth only to thine Elder. Only the
say? Some cities, like London, are HOSPITALITY Eldest among thee shall call the Blood
almost empty after Second Inquisi- Honor one another's domain. When Hunt.
tion crackdowns and others are thou comest to a foreign city, thou The Blood Hunt is the ultimate
hives of thin-blood activity. shall present thyself to the one who punishment in Vampire society.
ruleth there. Without the word of ac- Normally the destruction of anoth-
ceptance, thou are nothing. er Kindred is seen as a cardinal sin,
but anyone can hunt and kill those
. : In an age of spy games and iso- that are named the targets of lex
. ' lated city domains this tradition is talionis, the law of retaliation. Even
\ , . ‘ie becoming polarized in its enforce- the thin-blooded, the Anarchs, and
7, ‘ ment. Keeping track of who is in the independents are invited to the
\ . ° your city is a daunting task in the murder party. Anything goes in the
Lo. iY ' ‘ , era of the refugee and the global Blood Hunt, and if the one who
. . ’ a res ‘ é 4 citizen, and some princes are kills the target drinks it dry and
so . a : “XN : eee . actively backing harsh immigration claims a part of their power — the
aot Ms . 4 *. > — policies, building walls, or infilerat- terrible crime of diablerie — so be
: + » : ae . - ing border controls just to keep up. it. Helping a Blood Hunt is a good
~ art 2. Princes usually either give up on way into the Camarilla’s graces, SO
a“ . 7-07 : ea Tbe enforcing this law or do it draconi- joining one is often frowned upon
. ” oh Soe els, cally with mortal assistance. by Anarchs.
ye .
ae , 4 ‘ “of if Re
“ myo
,
52
~~
5 : 6 ‘ KINDRED SOCIETY
a
> & ,, a
| te 4 ,
é : hb Vy 4 a
Kindred ~% J
~ Fashion

Black is still the new black. Feeding is messy and wearing a band T-shirt and has daymares about not
bloodstains are easier to hide on dark fabrics. It is that getting into Berghain. Only the handful of Kindred
simple. Toreador tastemakers in the fashion industry who still stalk the goth scene dress like “vampires”
return to black each season for this very reason. This in public.
means light-colored clothes, especially white, become Elysiums and havens are a whole other story. In
status symbols. A Brujah in a white tracksuit signals these no-Masquerade areas the Kindred flaunt their
“Pm so skilled | don’t spill a drop.” But wearing light age and monstrous nature. Here the complex neo-
colors is always a risk, and many Kindred consider the feudal codes of their society rule, and the harpies
practice as asking for trouble, no matter how tight wear Elizabethan dresses or haute couture creations
their blood-drinking game is. that would make Lady Gaga gasp for breath. It’s all

Fashion is a secret language. Just like mortals, part of the status game. Arriving from the street into
Kindred signal affiliation, attitude, and ideology the lair of an elder is a humbling experience — no less
through their dress, both in the street and in Elysium. so, if the guest kneels in their black jeans and T-shirt
A rose print dress screams “I’m a diva” to those who before an ageless monster in a chalk-white dress made
know about clan iconography, and attire made from from human skin.
trash and rags marks you as a Nosferatu — or possibly Anarchs tend to despise the need for embellish-
a Malkavian. A subtle Edwardian cut to the jacket or ment as a typical Camarilla thing, instead staying true
pullover you wear among mortals hints at your age, to a single style, gradually changing through the dec-
and the tenderly preserved 1905 dress you wear to ades: a modern street interpretation of what they are
court tells neonates to respect their elders. and their personal history, carefully maintaining their

Kindred dress very differently in the street and human mask. Baggy hip-hop fashion with 

--- CHUNK 5 ---
memento
in Elysium. In public, the Masquerade is on, and mori bling and woodcut style tattoos recall the 1500s
looking like an antiquated royal is usually a very bad for the Landsknecht. A World War II bomber jacket
idea. Vampires are stealth hunters. They blend in for the rabble taxi driver with a history. Crust punk
with their prey. Most are masked with a human cov- rivet armor for the Mongol Gangrel warlord. Most
er, and all have a pattern of predation. These two wear perfectly ordinary everynight street clothes with
factors dictate their street look. A Sandman burglar hint at their nature understood only by those who
wears trainers and black Adidas with a hoodie, but know exactly what to look for.
a leech with the same modus operandi who feeds
from a psych-ward dresses like an orderly. A scene
queen stalking the psychobilly scene spends an hour
every evening on their pompadour and tattoos,
while a minimal techno fiend would never dream of

Bg
COREBOOK
De
The Anarch Movement
ICONOGRAPHY The revolution against the
A cracked mirror left at the scene of the crime. A cross-like ankh Camarilla is as old as the sect itself.
marking the spine of a book. A warped tragedy mask spray painted Originally known as the Anarch
ona tarp tent in Skid Row. The broken Anarchy (A), upside down, Revolt, in recent decades it has y
tattooed on a biker’s neck. Or wait, are those swords? grown vastly, as younger Kindred
Every subculture and secret society has its own ever-evolving find it hard to understand why.
language of signs and symbols, and the Kindred are no exception. they should follow the dictates of
The marks of the Antediluvians and their bloodlines have been elders who seem perfectly happy to
shaped in angular cuneiform, drawn from the broken imagination throw them to the Second Inquisi-
of a child from Styria, and sketched on empty plates at the seats tion if need be.
of unnamed conclave feasts. From the dawn of time, clan and sect The unbound are all those
heraldry has evolved into a myriad localized and personalized vampires who fall outside the
forms, but the themes and core symbology are as never-dying as Camarilla. The Anarch Movement
the Kindred themselves. The heraldry of noble divas in the late in its various forms is a subset of
middle ages (not yet named Toreador — the word was coined by the unbound and also their most
Bizet in his 1877 libretto for Carmen and promptly appropriated), visible manifestation. Many seek to
featured a rose, the Ventrue kings of Britannia have always held escape from the Camarilla’s control »
scepters, and a mask of some form has been associated with the by hiding. But the Anarchs have Tie
horrors since before the rise of Greek tragedy. decided to fight back, attempting MMe.
The new clan and sect symbols presented in this book have to conquer and control domains £X /
not been designed by some undead art director for universal use originally held by those who would NG
among the clans. Nor were the symbols that preceded them. The claim themselves their masters. ‘ Dé
new variants do however reflect some of the changes in undead And why not? The Camarilla’s ; NX
society. The Ventrue of the 2st century often add a sword to their elders are being called to the Mid- \ . -
scepter, marking them as the Clan of Kings at war with the An- dle East by the Beckoning, and the )
archs and the Second Inquisition; the Tremere symbol has evolved Second Inquisition has destroyed ,
to new complexity after the fall of the Pyramid, and the mirror of princes and primogeniall over the X
the Malkavians is looking back at them. In the reality of the World world. ‘ s
of Darkness, the clan and sect symbols are seldom used exactly as The number of elders dwindle . as
they are shown in this book. while there is a new crop of hungry, vfs \
One Toreador wears a crown of roses, another has fresh petals ambitious Anarch licks evety year. ‘
decorating her dress, a third wears a Victorian style brooch shaped The word on'the street is

--- CHUNK 6 ---
 <<“ mg
like a long-stemmed rose, a fourth a navelpiercing designed to be revolution. No more comprothises, "3 ff
amore abstracted rose with a shorter, curled stem. No clan mark no more politics, no more trying )
is ever invalidated, and the Kindred who got inked in the early to make deals with the Camarilla,
90’s wear their old-school colors as proudly as those who branded The Movement has finally escaped \ \
themselves with a new interpretation of the symbols yesterday. In the centuries-long lethargy it \
your game you are well served by abstracting the iconography to fell into after the Convention of 4
its core. If you keep it simple, you will be able to find hints of it on Thorns and the formation of the
punk album covers and in renaissance paintings and radical street Sabbat, but that time is now over.
art — blood-red lipstick traces left through art history by our im- The Anarchs have remembered
mortal masters. how to fight, galvanized by the
Camarilla’s great betrayal in being
Le | at fault for the Second Inquisition.
54
KINDRED SOCIETY
~ YY \ “ VY A x ne a ee Gx . AK SONOS A
> BY SCY Se a KX \ Cee dav | y
PKA X™ OOO xx aw, & BOO Xe KX ORO
VAM AZ. Xx > \ 4 ~ y= 4 ‘ Y 7A
> yyy WW } rae > py RS each city: Someti a ‘Anarch y ¥ ue w, OX
Oshawa “4 XX —-e J : “2 city has a ruler bz ron. £XYXKY
bs iD, ¥ ). ‘, ae fe S « Bd More common J $ d by gangs x PPL
/ Y “ie £ aoe Boke
f : ¢ r who each have th teyfr fy SKYY
(ILA A x a wa, van as
79 ide Meee, 4 ~ 4 ; P 4 tories. Some citie: Se iy en BPX
. es v a divided between thé Anarc Xan AS LY
as Yi ka a N y
if > Ze , J fs a Pa the Camarilla — bothsides itehing’ “yy ~y ~ YY »
Z DON a » / i Ne rad » " 4 ; to take over. xD ee, ‘ j UNS . y :
J Ey Ory ) am, ) 5 & RY Y A Where the Camarillainfluene- NAN NAY,
ee Se aus r POS yy es human society from the outside, ,x%~ KY ;
NY GENCY fi) a (See Va, | | the Anarchs haye burrowed deep’) 777 \
* “} v} a ) " inside. Many maintain mortal ” VaNAN SiN g
4 - J >. Pr “3 identities. perhap - n fa SA iy. oF
x/\ : rs 4 SA / ? 4 in 2 ee and jobs. Thiginakes them single 7 we ,
\ | A ‘ \ q . taneously moré vulperable-and Pe 2 GS a rin
\ 4 cu ¥ a 2 R: The root cat f Anarch dis- more’secure. Vulnerable because =
aya | } A t LY content are not hard to! ind. Many | they are in contact with their sur-
y <i! \ t ‘ “f aN “Camarilla princes like to style roundings every night, and sure to
. i , Ried Ph “\ ‘themselves as enlightened and just | make mistakes. Secure because the
. / ) 96 \ rt . rulers who benevolently look after Anareh is never the vampire lord in ‘
ms is NE ; i the welfare of all Kindred. The a mansion on the hill. They’re the
Be a aA Any aby = wie experience of the neonate-turned- DJ in the nightclub, the terrifying
Te ie Ne '. “J Nannie Anarch is very different. Once cop from internal affairs, the junkie
(i se \ you've been told you can only feed | creeping outside your window.
lad A in the warehouse district, your sire What motivates the Anarch
in . : has been executed for obscure vio- Movement most of all is the scent
‘N ‘ lations of Camarilla law, and the of victory. For the first time in
i Sheriff has murdered your mortal centuries, it feels as if ic might be
mother because she was a “threat possible to topple the Princes. If
to the Masquerade,” princely the old order can collapse in Ber-
rhetoric starts to ring hollow. lin, it can collapse anywhere!
55
COREBOOK
. is rife with strong personalities Only the most reclusive autarkis
The Autarkis uninterested in pre-determined and Inconnu are unaffected. The
Even in a city like Paris, dominat- laws and monthly mectings in game is up, the use of surveillance
ed by the Camarilla, many Kindred Elysium. When all is in flux, you and high technology has blown up
remain unbound and in hiding cannot expect every creature to be in the face of the Camarilla, and
from their cousins. Their stories accounted for or adhering to rules they are caught in the worst crisis
are either so old that the sects seem that you

--- CHUNK 7 ---
 know. The autarkis and since the Convention of Thorns
like passing trends to them or so the unbound are a reminder that and the creation of the sect itself.
fresh that they are still busy nurs- the Kindred are unique monsters, The Second Inquisition has begun.
ing connections to the people and not nations, armies, or religions. In response the Camarilla
principles that mattered to them orders the first step, the Wipe:
in life. They are aucarkis, outside older Nosferatu hackers dismantle
society. . their servers, taking SchreckNET
In Yerevan, Armenia, any at- Endings and apart to start vacuuming as much
tempt by the Camarilla to establish : : Kindred communication as they
a prince or primogen council ends Beginnings possibly can from the web.
with a rosewood box of ashes sent Mere years after the beginning of The second step is a Camarilla-
to a poste restante address in Tbi- the War on Terror, the Camarilla wide edict, spread by word of
lisi. In New York, there are about finds itself in a desperate situation. mouth as well as a last coded
fifty Kindred that simply refuse Thousands of Kindred have made transmission on Kindred commu-
to align themselves to any cause. it onto the NSEERS and other nication channels. Any Kindred
Their ambitions lie with protecting watchlists established by Home- caught contacting another online
their own bloodlines and ethnic land Security in the United States. will be removed from the protec-
communities (something to do In 2007, just after the passing of tion of the Camarilla and declared
with a terrible mistake made on the “Protect America Act” and disloyal, with the threat of the
Ellis Island). The Camarilla does joining the still classified “Project Blood Hunt hanging over them if.
not have a patent on order. Their PRIS,” The Vatican’s Secret Service the communication is deemed to
Traditions were custom long be- (The Entity), the CIA, and the compromise the Masquerade.
fore they became law, and even the NSA launch a major offensive. The third step is the gathering
autarkis who keep their head down They do so covertly, backed by of the first global conclaves held in
and stay out of politics abide by the mundane might of the largest a century. Because of the difficul-
them, or at least variants of them. counter-terrorist agencies on the ties of travel in the wake of the
Just try walking into Little Odessa planet. More than a thousand Inquisition, only representatives of
without making the steam room on Kindred are killed in the space of primogen and princes are expected
Brighton Beach Avenue and kissing three months. to attend. One convention is held
the ring of Yurgi your first priority. Very few of the strikes are in Chicago, the greatest Camarilla
So no, not every “prince” is reported as lethal to the public. city in the US, the other in the
Camarilla or Anarch. One domain Many are labelled “arrests,” oth- neutral city of Prague. The Con-
is controlled by a clan, another by ers are hidden as gang violence, vention of Prague almost devolves
a group of faceless conspirators, a the worst even more odiously as into civil war as the Anarch faction
third by no one at all, a fourth by Islamic terror attacks. The Vatican- claims that the Camarilla elite
a revenant playing their master’s SOCOM destruction of the Vienna and their meddling with federal
strings, and so on. For the deter- Prime Chantry in 2008 officially and national governments are to
mined Kindred there is always remains a “terrorist atrocity” cred- blame for the Inquisition, while
a way out, and the underground ited to the Islamic Jihad Union. the Camarilla point to the gung-ho
56
ra:

n . q y
fashion in which Anarchs and neo- ¢
nates in general have been using . y ;
the internet. * 4 ‘

The Convention ends in chaos. 4
Theo Bell, Brujah Archon and
Camarilla loyalist, executes his old
master before a stunned gathering ti
of peers. The Camarilla Traditions , |
are changed forever. The expulsion ;
of the Anarchs from the sect is a t ;
fa

--- CHUNK 8 ---
ct. Anarchs are now considered VO ?
anyone affiliated with the Move- é OM AZ /
ment as well as all chin-blooded, : AAR
caitiff, and aurarkis vampires, and : "| {
no Kindred of 13th generation or Ze a! - af
lower is welcome in the Camarilla. ¥ vi
For a second it looks like open

war will break out. In the end
the Anarchs agree to uphold one
Tradition and one Tradition only:
the Masquerade. The Camarilla
establishes a “second masquerade,”
dictating that members are to cut By
all ties with non-initiated Kin-
dred. A shaky peace is established.
But tensions are mounting, and if
recent events in Berlin and Prague
are anything to go by, the War of
Ages is about to turn from cold to
hot

x A

- * ~ 4
4
, ‘
! ,
5,
COREBOOK
ALLEYCAT (VULGAR): a vampire who THE Beast: the inchoate drives other Cainites, out of necessity or
keeps no permanent haven, but and urges that threaten to turn a depravity.
sleeps in a different location each vampire into a mindless, ravening
night. This term also refers to a monster. BLOODLINE: a vampire’s heritage. See
vampire who feeds exclusively from lineage.
the homeless, vagrants, and other THE BECOMING: the moment one
elements of low society. See footpad. passes from being a fledgling into THE BOOK OF Nop? a collection of
“full” vampire status as a neonate. In Kindred legend and history.
THE AMARANTH (ARCHAIC): the act the Camarilla, one may not Become
of consuming another Kindred’s until their sire deems them ready BUTTERFLY (VULGAR): one who
blood. See diablerie. and gains the Prince’s approval. mingles among the mortal high so-
ciety elements and feeds exclusive-
THE ANARCH MOVEMENT: a vam- BLISTER (VULGAR): a vampire “Ty- ly from the famous and wealthy.
pire sect that opposes the tyranny phoid Mary” who contracts a mortal
of elders and has placed itself disease and spreads it to each vessel CAINITE (ARCHAIC): a vampire; a
outside the secret society of the upon whom they feed. member of the race of Caine.
Camarilla.
THE BLoop: the supernatural, CAITIFF: a vampire of unknown
ANCILLA: a vampire who has proven semi-sentient Blood of a vampire, clan, or of no clan at all. Caitiff are
themselves, ranking between the as opposed to mortal or animal typically of high generation, where
elders and the neonates. Plural: blood. Synonymous with vitae. Caine’s blood is too diluted to pass
ancillae. on any consistent characteristics.
BLOOD BOND: a mystical power re-
ANTEDILUVIAN: 2 member of the lationship between two individual THE CAMARILLA: a sect of vampires
dreaded third generation. vampires, where one has partaken devoted primarily to maintaining
of the other’s Blood thrice; accept- the Traditions, particularly that of
AUTARKIS (ARCHAIC): See unbound. ing Blood from a vampire is an the Masquerade.
acknowledgment of their mastery.
BANKING (vuLcaR): the practice of CANAILLE (ARCHAIC): the bovine
“withdrawing” blood from blood BLOOD DOLL (vuLGaAR): a mortal masses of humanity, especially
banks, hospital reserves, or the who freely gives their blood to a the uncultured and unsavory. The
dead and dying. This blood has vampire. Most blood dolls gaina canaille are viewed primarily asa
little taste, though it will sustain a perverse satisfaction from the Kiss, source of sustenance. See kine.
vampire. Elder Kindred eschew this and actively seek out vampires
base indulgence. A Kindred who who will take their blood. CASANOVA (vuLGAR): a vampire
engages in this practice is known as who seduces mortals to take their
a banker. BLOOD HUNT: a punishment sen- blood, but does not kill chem.
tencing a vampire to final death See siren.
THE BARRENS: the areas of a city at the fangs of their peers. See lex
unfit for life, including graveyards, talionis. CAUCHEMAR (ARCHAIC): see Sandman
abandoned buildings, industrial
wastelands, and areas of irrevers- BLOOD LEECH (VULGAR): A vam- THE CHANGE (VULGAR): the mo-
ible urban blight. pire who feeds upon the vitae of ment an individual ceases to be
58
KINDRED SOCIETY
mortal and becomes one o

--- CHUNK 9 ---
f the entire cities as their domains, FOOTPAD (ARCHAIC): one who feeds
Kindred. sometimes allowing lesser vam- by assaulting derelicts and others

pires to claim domain within. unwanted by society. See alleycat.
cHANTRY: the traditional name for
the Tremere headquarters in a city, DOMITOR: a ghoul’s master; one who GEHENNA: the rumored Arma-
usually part shelter, part library, gives of their Blood and issues com- geddon when the Antediluvians
and part laboratory. mands. will rise from their torpor and
devour the race of vampires and
CHASSE (ARCHAIC): the size and DONOR (VULGAR): 2 sarcastic term the world. The Sabbat believe this
quality of a domain or hunting for vessel, typically human. time is now and have left their
ground. traditional domains, fighting the
pusksorn: sce thin-blood. final Gehenna War in the shadow
CHILDE: a vampire created through of Middle Eastern conflicts.
the Embrace — the childe is the ELDER: a vampire who has experi-
progeny of their sire. This term is enced at least two or more centu- GENERATION: the number of
often used derogatorily, indicating ries of unlife. Elders are the most “steps” between a vampire and the
inexperience. Plural: childer. active participants in the Jyhad. mythical Caine; how far descended
from the First a given vampire is.
CLAN: a group of vampires who ELysium: a place where vampires
share common characteristics may gather without fear of harm. GENTRY (ARCHAIC): a Kindred who
passed on through the Blood. Court functions in Elysium are preys in such places as nightclubs,
There are 13 known clans, all of strictly kept apart from mortals bars, and the red-light district.
which were reputedly founded by and surrounded by secrecy, but the
members of the third generation. Elysium building itself could be a GHOUL: a minion created by giving
public museum, a gallery, or club. a bit of vampiric vitae to a mortal
CONSANGUINEOUS (ARCHAIC): liter- Berghain is an anarch Elysium. The | without draining them of blood
ally “of the same blood,” generally Louvre is a Camarilla Elysium. first (which would create a vam-
denotes lineage. pire instead).
THE EMBRACE: the act of trans-
COTERIE: a small group of Kindred, | forming a mortal into a vampire. Gotconpa: a fabled state of
united by the need for support and The Embrace requires the vam- vampiric transcendence; the true
sometimes common interests. pire to drain her victim and then mastery of the Beast and balance
replace that victim’s blood with a of opposing urges and principles.
THE DAMNED (vuLear): the race of bit of her own. Rumored to be a state similar to
Cainites; all vampires. nirvana, Golconda is greatly touted
FARMER (VULGAR): a mocking term but rarely achieved.
DIABLERIE: the consumption of for a vampire who refuses to feed
another Kindred’s Blood, to the on human blood, instead taking HAVEN: a vampire’s “home” or
point of the victim’s final death. sustenance from animals. base; where they find sanctuary
Vampires may lower their gen- from the sun.
eration permanently through this FINAL DEATH? when a vampire
abhorrent practice. ceases to exist, crossing the line HEAD (vuLGaR): a Kindred who
from undeath into true death. feeds upon those who have im-
pomain: the area of a particular FLEDGLING: a newly created vampire, bibed alcohol or drugs, so as to
vampire’s influence. Princes claim still under their sire’s protection. vicariously experience the same
59
COREBOOK
sensations. Those Kindred who KINE: a term for mortals, largely mask: the mortal cover identity
prefer individual drugs have their contemptuous. The phrase “Kindred a Kindred needs to maintain to
“poison” prefixed to the term and kine” refers to the world at remain hidden among their prey.
head (e.g. meth head, dope head, large; everything.
smack head). See lush. THE MASQUERADE: the habit (or
THE kiss: to drink blood, especial- Tradition) of hiding the exist-
HEADHUNTER (VULGAR): a vampire ly from a mortal. The Kiss causes ence of vampires from humanity.
who hunts and feeds

--- CHUNK 10 ---
 from other feelings of ecstasy in those who Designed to protect vampires from
Kindred. See Blood Leech. receive it. destruction at the hands of man-
kind, the Masquerade was adopted
HUMANITAS (ARCHAIC): the extent to LEX TALIONIS (ARCHAIC): the code after the Inquisition claimed many
which a Kindred still maintains her of the Kindred and the system Kindred unlives.
humanity. for punishing transgression;
the law of retaliation which is METHUSELAH:? a vampire who has
THE HUNGER: the urge to feed. For behind the blood hunt. It sug- existed for a millennium or more;
vampires, the f lunger replaces all gests Hammurabian or Biblical an elder who no longer participates
other drives with its own power- justice — an eye for an eye and in Kindred society. Methuselahs are
ful call. punishment in keeping with the rumored to hail from the fourth and
grievance. fifth generations.
THE INCONNU: a sect of vampires
who have removed themselves Lick (vuLGaR): a vampire. See Kin- NEONATE: a young Kindred, recently
from Kindred concerns and, dred and Cainite. Embraced but more than a fledgling.
largely, the Jyhad. Many methuse-
lahs are rumored to exist among LIEN (arcHaic): the compliance of PAPILLON (ARCHAIC): the red-light
the Inconnu. the kine in a domain or hunting district; the area of town punctu-
ground. ated by drinking establishments,
JUICEBAG OR JUICE BOX (VULGAR): brothels, gambling houses, and
a contemptuous term for mortals, THE LIFE (ARCHAIC): a cuphemism other locales of ill repute. The prime
indicating that their sole use is for for mortal blood. Many indred hunting grounds ofa city, where
sustenance. regard this term as affected and the disappearance of mortals goes
effete. hand in hand with the area's general
THE jyHap: the secret, self seediness.
destructive war waged between LINEAGE (ARCHAIC): a vampire’s
the generations. Elder vampires bloodline; the Kindred’s sire, sire’s PORTILLON (ARCHAIC): the security
manipulate their lesser kin, using sire, etc. and level of protection ina domain
them as pawns ina terrible game or hunting ground.
the rules of which defy compre- LUPINE: a werewolf, the natural
hension. and mortal enemy of the vampire PRAXIS (aRcHaIC): the right of
race. Plural: lupines. Princes to govern; the Prince’s claim
KINDRED: the Camarilla term for to domain. This term also refers to
vampires as a whole, or a single LUSH? a vampire who typically the Prince’s matters of policy and
vampire. According to rumor, feeds from drugged or drunk mor- individual edicts and motions.
this term came about in the 15th tals in order to experience their
or 16th century, after the Anarch inebriation. PRINCE? a vampire who has
Revolt. claimed a given expanse of
60
KINDRED SOCIETY
domain as their own, generally intelligence agencies to combat THRALL? someone under the effects
a city, and supports that claim the Kindred as if they were a of a Blood Bond, having drunk
against all others. The term can terrorist threat. Few individual another Kindred’s Blood thrice.
refer to a Kindred of either sex. agents understand what they are
In Anarch cities they are some- fighting and the intra agency col- TuRF (VULGAR): a modern affecta-
times called Barons. laboration codenamed FIRST- tion used in reference to a domain.

LIGHT places enormous import
PROGENY: all of a given vampire’s on keeping their operations uNnBounp: A vampire who remains
childer collectively. secret and disguised as ordinary outside the larger Kindred society of
anti-terrorist action. a given city, either by ignorance or
THE RACK (vutcaR): the hunting choice. Usually considered an An-
ground of choice, including bars, SECT? a group of vampires argu- arch by members of the Camarilla,
nightclubs, drug dens, and other ably united under a common though most unbound have nothing
bacchanalian locales, where philosophy. The two most widely to do with the Movement.
mortals go missing all the time. known Sects currently populating
See Papillon. the night are the Camarilla and VEGAN? 

--- CHUNK 11 ---
a contemptuous term for
the Anarch Movement. one who drinks exclusively from
RAKE (vuLGAR): a habitual visitor animals. See farmer.
to the Rack, especially in the SIRE? a vampire’s begetter; the Kin-
interests of feeding. dred who created them. VESSEL: a source of blood for suste-
nance or pleasure, primarily mortal.
REGNANT: 2 Kindred who holds a SIREN (ARCHAIC): a vampire who
Blood Bond over another. seduces mortals in order to drink vitae (arcHaic): the Blood of a
from them, and then only takes a vampire.
RETAINER? 2 human who serves a small quantity of blood, so as to
vampiric master. Kindred rarely avoid killing them. WHELP (ARCHAIC): a derogatory term
go without at least a few of these for a young Kindred, originally used
mortals, both for convenience SLUMMING (vuLGaR): the practice of with exclusive reference to one’s own
and protection. feeding from derelicts, the home- progeny.
less, and other dregs of society; one
THE SABBAT: a sect of vampires who does this regularly is known as WHIG (ARCHAIC): a contemptuous
that rejects humanity, embracing a slummer. term for a vampire who possesses
their monstrous nature. They are an interest in mortal trends and
currently believed to be engaged TEASE (VULGAR): See casanova and fashions.
in the Gehenna War, having left siren.
or been driven out of their hold- WIGHT: a vampire lost to the Beast,
ings in the West. THIN-BLOOD: a vampire of the slave to the will of the Blood.
14th or 15th generation (and pos-
SANDMAN (vuLGAR): a vampire sible above) who does not experi- WITCH=HUNTER (ARCHAIC): 2 mortal
who feeds only upon sleeping ence the curse of Caine in the who hunts down and destroys vam-
victims. same way as other Kindred. pires and other supernatural beings.
THE SECOND INQUISITION: a col- THE THIRD MORTAL (ARCHAIC):
lective name among vampires for Caine, who was cast out and became
the recent coordinated efforts of the first vampire.
61


