--- CHUNK 0 ---
Contents
How this Document Works Hunger and Blood Vampire Disciplines
e = Animalism
e Feeding . Auspex
Basic Systems e Rouse Checks ;
e  Celerity
e Dice Pools ¢ Resonance e Dominate
e Successes e Blood Potency © Fortitude
© Hunger Dice ¢ Torpor e Obfuscate
© Automatic Wins * Predator Types e Potence
e Willpower Rerolls e Presence
e = Checks Frenzy e Protean
e Contests e To Resist ¢ Blood Sorcery
° Effects of Frenzy © Thin Blood Alchemy
Character Creation © Types of Frenzy
Conflict and Combat
e Basic Conflict Mechanic
e Advanced Combat
Vampire Drawbacks
e = Daylight
e Fire
e Others
How this Document Works
Just the Rules
e The goal of this document is to cut out all fluff and present only the game rules.
e Language used is straight forward and methodical.
e It is intended as a reference for use at the table. It does not replace the official core rule book. Page references for the core book are given in most sections, in case
you want to read the full official rule.
e Landscape orientation has been chosen for ease while viewing on a screen.
Dice Pools Successes Willpower Rerolls
. . . e Successes are rolls of 6 or higher. AO is a e = (Pg. 122-123). You can take 1 Superficial
e You will create a dice pool of a certain . .
ber of d10s and roll th success. Willpower damage to reroll up to 3 dice
number o s and roll them. ;
heh twill llyb d b e A pair of two 0’s is a Critical Success. This that came up failures.
e .
ce poo " usualy © nt . . ll counts as 4 successes, not just 2 successes. e You cannot reroll any Hunger dice.
+

° loo shenah me i" it 5 i ° e Count the number of successes. Try to get a e You cannot use this option when rolling a

0 im in an 6 ie nt vale v number of Successes equal to or greater Tracker (e.g. Willpower or Humanity).
i ill, you wee
additional nenalties to that pool than the Difficulty set by the Storyteller.

Attribute + Discipline (e.g. Charisma e The Margin is (Successes minus Difficulty). Checks
+ Dominate may be used to try This is used to increase effect, e.g. do extra e (Pg. 123). (E.g. a Rouse check). Roll a single
mind control someone). damage. (pg. 121). d10. A 6 or higher is a success.

o Attribute + Attribute (e.g. Resolve + ° ee alee eee oto Win At e You cannot use Willpower rerolls on
Composure may be used to resist e storyteller may Still allow you to Win Checks. Automatic wins do not apply to
some Disciplines). A Cost. They may offer you to take damage Checks.

© Tracker (Health or Willpower). Use or suffer a fictional setback in exchange for
the number of undamaged blocks vnstesd. (on 121) opt to accept failure Contests
you have (e.g. if you have 5 e (Pg, 119). If you are competing with
maximum Willpower, but have 2 Hunger Dice another character, the Storyteller may call
Superficial damage, you will roll 3 * Some of the dice in your pool will be for a Contest instead of a roll against a
dice). Use a minimum of 1 dice. Hunger dice. They should be a different static Difficulty.

¢ Easy or difficult situations may add or colour. If you have a pool of 5 dice and your © Both you and the other character will roll
subtract dice. Or they may alter the Hunger is currently 2, you will roll 3 Normal your pools and count successes. The
Difficulty. Dice and 2 Hunger Dice. character with the most successes wins.
e ASkill Speciality gives +1 Dice. (Pg. 118). e = Taking Half. (Optional) A Storyteller may
¢ Specialised equipment may give +1 Dice Automatic Wins choose to not roll the NPCs pool, and rather
with Storyteller approval. (Pg. 119). ¢ (Pg. 120). Optional Rule. To speed up play, halve it. This becomes a static Difficulty for
e Teamwork. When multiple characters are the Storyteller may allow you to auto- the Contest.
working together, roll the Pool of the succeed ona roll if you have double the
character with the most dice. Each helper number of dice in your pool than the
who has a dot in the Skill being used adds Difficulty.
+1 Dice. (Pg. 122). e This never applies in combat.
Character Creation
Pg.

--- CHUNK 1 ---
 136.
Phase Two - Vampire (Optional) Phase Three - Time
Phase One - Mortal L._ Pick Clan. Passes
1 Attributes. 2. Disciplines. ; 1. GM will tell you how old your vampires are.
a. Pick one at 4. a. Choose 2 from your Clan. 2 dots in one, a .
. . Your Generation is determined.
b. Pick three at 3. 1 dot in the other. ae 2. You may have additional XP to spend.
c. Pick four at 2. b. (If Caitiff). Choose any 2 disciplines. 2
d. Pick one at 1. dots in one, 1 dot in the other.
2. Calculated attributes. c. (Thin Blood). No disciplines.
a. Health = Stamina + 3. 3. Predator.
b. Willpower = Composure + Resolve. a. Pick a type from pg. 175.
3. Skills. Pick one package. b. You gain 1 Speciality.
a. Jack of All Trades. One Skill at 3; eight c. You gain 1 dot ina Discipline.
Skills at 2; ten Skills at 1. d. Apply any Advantages or Flaws.
b. Balanced: Three Skills at 3; five Skills at 4. Advantages.
2; seven skills at 1. a. Spend 7 points.
c. Specialist: One Skill at 4; three Skills at b. Take 2 dots of Flaws.
3; three Skills at 2; three Skills at 1. c. (Thin Blood). Must take 1-3 Thin Blood
4. Specialities. merits and same number of flaws.
a. Pick one. 5. Convictions.
b. Geta free speciality for Academics, a. Pick 1-3 Convictions (pg. 172).
Craft, Performance and Science. b. Create a Touchstone NPC for each
Conviction.
c. Humanity = 7.
Feeding, pg. 211. Action Description Rouse
e You must kill a mortal to reduce Hunger past base level. (See table on pg. Check
216). Heal Superficial e See table on pg. 216 to see how much is 1
e The Kiss is euphoric feeling in a victim while feeding, and foggy memory of Damage healed at your Blood Potency.
what happened. Heal Aggravated e When waking, make 3 Rouse checks (in 3
e Table on pg. 212 shows how much Hunger is slaked from different types of Damage addition to the normal waking rouse check).
victims, e.g. Animals. You heal 1 Agg and 1 crippling injury. Pg.
e Animals and Blood Bags, slake less and less Hunger as your BP increases. BP 219.
3+ can no longer feed from animals or blood bags. © Maximum 1 Agg per night.
e Vampires, regain 1 Hunger for each 1 Hunger inflicted on target. If target BP is * If Rouse causes Hunger > 5, then torpor
2 higher than yours, then double Hunger regained. If target BP is 2 less than instead of frenzy.
yours, then half Hunger regained. (Pg. 213). Blood Surge e Can be Physical, Social or Mental. Number | 1
(Boost a Stat) of dice depends on Blood Potency. Can only
Rouse Checks, pg. 211. use once per roll, and only applies to a
e Roll 1 dice, 5 or less means Hunger +1. single dice roll (but can apply to Willpower
* Hunger is applied AFTER the effect activates. rerolls).
¢ High Blood potency can roll more than 1 dice and take the best result. * Cannot use for Humanity checks.
¢ The effect you were attempting to activate always works, regardless of if the * Cannot use for Willpower checks, or any roll
. that applies to multiple scenes.
Rouse passes or fails. (Pg. 217). .
. a . e Cannot use in One Roll Combat.
¢ There is no limit to how many different Rouse checks you can make per turn an
. e Do not apply to automatic wins (pg. 120,
(pg. 219), but only one Rouse for any type of action (e.g. you can heal e.g. If dice poll is double the difficulty), or
Superficial damage AND make yourself stronger, but you can't do one of Take Half
those multiple times). Wake Up At Sunset |e If Rouse causes Hunger > 5, then torpor 1
¢ But you can only activate one Discipline per turn, but can have many running instead of frenzy.
simultaneously (pg. 219). Blush of Life Heartbeat, warm flesh, colour in flesh, sex. 1
e At Hunger 5, you can no longer choose to Rouse. If forced to, you make Diff 4 Would pass a basic medical check. Can use
Frenzy check (pg. 211). touch screens. Can consume food and keep it
down for 1 hour. Lasts for whole night.
Activate a Varies
Discipline
Resonance, pg. 212. Melancholy. e passe rane. Revol tests inet rene youot
ailures of the vessel, but not 1's on Hunger dice.
e After

--- CHUNK 2 ---
 15 mins out of the body, Resonance is lost (e.g. For blood bags). Some P . . . Bs .
tore it Disciplines e Nostalgic. +1 dice for checks with a historic period
. Con be used inthin Blood alchemy Fortitude from the vessels life. +3 dice to Memoriam pool on
. ’ that subject.
¢ You can guess Resonance by observing a mortal and roll Resolve+Insight. Obfuscate. . Recalling +1xp towards Fortitude or Obfuscate
¢ GM can roll 2d10 on table on pg. 228 to randomly determine Resonance. Sincle un le use ne .
¢ You can tweak a mortals Resonance by roleplaying scenes that evoke an 6 ¥ F
oo . : . F , calm, e = Chill. +2 dice to resist Frenzy.
emotion in them. You can increase intensity, or change to a different . _ . .
. . 1 " . . apathetic, e Comfortably Numb. No pain, no negative effects
Resonance. Some immoral vampires may "farm" mortals with certain : F F .
sentimental. from it, both physical and social.
Resonance through years of abuse. . : .
* Can be temporary in a mortal, or long term e Eating Your Emotions. Can eat and digest food
* Temperaments... Phlegmatic. ° GivenU s slake +1 Hunger from next Phlegmatic
e Fleeting. Has flavour, but no mechanical benefit. But tasting it can be a vmeel ac 1if not Phiegmatic 8
prerequisite for learning a Discipline. Disciplines 4 : .
e Intense. +1 dice pool for those Disciplines. Auspex, Dominate. ° Ne fa wnen alone, for 1 scene.
e Acute. (Dyscrasia). +1 dice pool for those Disciplines AND an ability from table P 8 ; ; .
below e  Procrastinate. +1 WP if you delay something
¢ Benefits last until (1) next feed or, (2) Hunger 5. important by 1 day. Once per session. . .
Vibe Dyscrasias, pg. 230-231 | e Reflection. +1xp towards Auspex or Dominate. Single
: 2s : use only.
¥, violent, e Bully. +1 damage to weaker foes, both social and | happy, + Contagious Enthusiasm. Touch a target's skin, get +3
passionate physical combat. : . sontagious enthusiasm . oe
: ’ . . addicted, flighty, dice to attempts to convince them. Rules similar to
envious. e Cycle of Violence. Slake +1 Hunger next feeding from age .
- | . enthusiastic. Dominate.
next Choleric vessel, and -1 if not Choleric. e Smell Game. +3 dice to try locate other Sanguine
Choleric. e Envy. +1 damage against more attractive foes, both . vessels. : y 8
social and physical combat. Sanguine. e =High on Life. Can Blush of Life without Rouse check
Disciplines ° et led. Reroll 1 roll when in ideological combat, Disciplines e Manic High. +1 dice to all tests until you next fail.
Celerity, Potence. ut not 1's on Hunger dice. Thereafter -2 to all tests.
e Vengeful. +2 dice against a target the vessel had Blood Sorcery, .
vengeful thoughts against Presence. e True Love. Slake +1 Hunger when feeding from
; vessel's true love. You can use Auspex to see
e Vicious. Reroll Intimidation, but not 1's on Hunger j P
dice. through the true love's eyes.
e Driving. +1xp towards Celerity or Potence. Single use ° stirrin 1xp towards Blood Sorcery or Presence
only Single use only.
, intellectual, e In Mourning. +2 dice to Remorse checks. Animal Blood we vines ‘i
grounded, e Lost Love. +1 dice to resist seduction or Presence. nimalism, Frotean.
depressed. e Lost Relative. Slake +1 Hunger when feeding from
members of your mortal family.
Blood Potency, pg. 216. Blood Bond, Pg. 235.
e +1 BP every 100 years active (pg. 215). Cannot go above maximum for your e Requirements
Generation (see table pg. 214). © 3 drinks required, on separate nights. < 1 year between drinks.
e  -1 BP every 60 years in torpor. Cannot go below minimum for your © Works on mortals and kindred, even kindred of lower generation.
Generation (see table pg. 214). © Must drink from the vein.
e Table pg. 216 has full break down. = Exception: Stored blood can still sustain ghouls, but not blood
bond them (pg. 236).
Torpor, Pg. 223. © Maximum number of thralls equal to your Blood Potency (pg. 236). If
* Entering torpor you exceed this, then the oldest thrall is released after 1 week.
oO If you attempt to awaken at suns

--- CHUNK 3 ---
et, at Hunger 5, and fail the Rouse check. * Effects . .
© If your Health track is full of Aggravated damage. © Asense of loyalty or infatuation. Attempt to please the master, wary
© You can do it voluntarily. of angering them. .
+ When in torpor = Roll Resolve+intelligence vs Bond Strength. Make a check every
© Cannot use any Disciplines turn if regnant is present, otherwise once per scene.
© Cannot react in any way. ° shou. t (Agei ill catch ickly if ghoul st havi
© Your body automatically attempts to heal itself by making Rouse checks ono age. Being wi catch Up quickly If gnoul stops having
each night access to vitae).
© Unaware of surroundings "= Gain 1 dot of the regnant's highest Discipline, and one Level 1
oo. : . power.
¢ Time in torpor depends on Humanity. See table on pg. 241. secs
e If you were staked at time of entering torpor, then removing the stake * Some abilities (e-8. Blood Sorcery draughts) allow ghouls
awakens you immediately to use higher level Discipline powers. They cannot Rouse,
*  Awaking from torpor . and instead take Aggravated damage to activate.
6 Hue eris 5 feng is likel = Wounds heal twice as fast, unless from fire.
8 : Y ye oe ce e System
© Roll Resolve+Awareness at Diff 2 whenever a victim enters your vicinity. © Gain +1 Blood Bond Strength each drink to max 6
oO If Hunger falls to 4 or less, the frenzy ends (unlike normal Frenzy rules). o 4 al d Bond St th Bt h ve t dri ., :
© You can awake a vampire in torpor by feeding them vampire blood of a ~* Blood Pond =treng ‘every montiwi ou rinking. .
BP greater than theirs © If Blood Bond Strength is reduced to zero, it fades. GM could require
, a defiance check (above) once per session to do this.
e Note
© All vampires have at least a level 1 Blood Bond with their sire, from
the act of the Embrace, for the first year.
© After level 3 Blood Bond, you are immune to other Blood Bonds.
Predator Types, Pg. 175-178.
e Decide the typical kind of hunting you use. You gain the benefits described,
a free skill speciality, a free Discipline dot, and a free Advantage dot.
Frenzy
Pg. 219.
Types Of Frenzy

To Resist ° Fury.
¢ Roll Willpower + (Humanity / 3 round down) against GM difficulty. (A table on o Triggered by: (insults, humiliation)(aggression).

pg. 243 does the /3 calculation for you). o Difficulty of Resist Test: table on pg. 220.
e Takes 1 turn to resist, unless Critical Success rolled. © Goal: tear the cause of provocation to pieces, ignoring anyone nearby.
e Ride The Wave - can choose not to roll to resist. = After killing them ... Make Diff 3 Willpower test (or diff 5 if other

enemies alive) to end Frenzy.

Effects Of Frenzy * Hunger.
¢ "Lose all capacity for rational thought, driven solely by rage, starvation or © Triggered by: (temptation) (failing Rouse check at Hunger 5).

panic." Never subtle. o Difficulty of Resist Test: table on pg. 220.
* Becomes controlled by Storyteller. o Goal: seek human blood from closest source.
* Immune to health penalties, except mutilation. o Ends when reaching Hunger 1.
* Can only use physical Disciplines: Celerity, Fortitude, Potence. ° Terror.
¢ Resist mental Disciplines with +3 dice: Dominate, Presence. 0 Triggered by: (self preservation)(confronted by open fire or
* Canspend 1 Willpower to take control for 1 turn. Cannot use Willpower to sunlight)(serious damage to self).

reroll. o Difficulty of Resist Test: table on pg. 220.
* Cannot gain Compulsions. © Goal: Flee the danger, without regard.
* Cannot be provoked to Frenzy. e Ends when scene ends or danger is gone.
Basic Conflict, Pg. 124-125 One Sided Attack (eg. shoot with gun).
* Players declare their intent for the next turn. . veNilloower) success is applied as damage to defender (either Health
¢ GM declares intent of opponents . : .
* GM decides what pools will be rolled. e If defender wins, nothing extra happens.
° we “Close combat for those already engaged, then Ranged, then Close Iwo Sided Attack (eg. Brawl).
combat newly besun, then oer hee else Be

--- CHUNK 4 ---
d, ¢ Margin of success is applied as damage to loser (either Health or Willpower).
. y “8 a v 8 on gs e Tie means both parties take damage as if margin was 1.
© Ties, use Dex+Wits pool size (don’t roll). Or higher skill first. © Make only one roll to represent the conflict, not two
e Attacker and Defender roll together, compare successes. y P ’ ;
© One vs Two Sided?
= One sided means defender cannot fictionally harm attacker. Sen eanged attacks
. Aeunteht where both parties are exchanging shots could be a © Dexterity + Athletics is what defender with cover rolls. -2 if no cover. +2
. Ifyou choose to not fight back and be fully defensive, then what if superior cover.
y 8 F y : ’ . ¢ Repeated Defenses, eg. Outnumbered and attacked several times in one
would normally be Two Sided becomes One Sided (eg. Dodging in round
a knife fight). © Roll 1 fewer dice with each successive defensive roll.
e¢ Multi attack, pg. 125.
© You can attack 2 enemies by splitting your dice pool.
e Damage, pg. 126.
oO. Fight: Successes margin + weapon damage.
© Social: Successes margin + audience circumstances pg. 305.
Movements. Pg. 298.
Advanced Conflict, Pg. 295 ¢ Not normally tracked in detail (ie. We don't do 5ft squares). GM can consider
¢ Each of these rules are optional, and can be included or not separately. movement as a Minor Action (see above).
¢ Or it could be treated as a Maneuver (see above).
Three, Two, Done. Pg. 295. .
¢ Don’t allow conflict to drag on. For drama, after 3 turns, GM can fast forward One Roll Conflicts. Pg. 298. ;
and decide outcome. Can require negotiation between GM and player. * You can abstract a whole fight.
e (I guess this requires a good trust relationship between players and GM). * GM sets difficulty. oo ;
¢ GM can reward players who accept a loss, eg. With Willpower recovery or a ° Opposition Is significantly weaker = Diff 2.
background dot. fe) Opposition is equal = Diff 4.
¢ Resolving the conflict could simply mean launching a new fictional scene. © Opposition Is much stronger = Diff 6. ;
¢ Or, GM can call for One Final Roll to decide the outcome. GM sets a difficulty o Add +1/-1 Diff if players have tactical disadvantage/advantage.
based on how conflict has been going so far. fe) Add +1/-1 Diff if players have superior Disciplines or supernatural
© Diff 3, if PCs have won all 3 turns. abilities. oa. . on
© Diff 4, if two out of three. e Each player rolls a conflict dice pool, attempting to beat the set difficulty.
Oo Diff , if one win only. Count how many players do it.
© Diff 6, if losing obviously. oO If 50% of player group succeeds, then the fight is won.
oO Each PC takes damage equal to (2xDiff) minus (their successes).
Advanced Conflict Options. Pg. 296. = Cannot be reduced by armor or Fortitude.
e Advance. Especially in Social Conflict, a win can mean something other than "Can be Superficial or Aggravated, depending on abilities of
Willpower damage to opponent. Could be accumulating successes for a future enemy. (Do not halve Superficial).
test. = Optional: Instead of wounds, GM can allow you to take damage
e¢ Maneuver. Instead of damage, a winner could choose to accumulate bonus in the form of Stains.
dice to a future test. Eg. Flanking.
¢ Block. Instead of damage, a winner could aim to prevent a certain course of
action altogether. Eg. Block an exit, obstruct a law.
e All Out Attack. You can get +1 damage if you accept incoming attacks get +1
dice (two sided), or no defense roll whatsoever (one sided).
e All Out Defense. You can get +1 defense if you take no action whatsoever
except defensive. In some cases (eg. Hiding totally behind a wall), it can mean
you cannot be hit at all.
e¢ Minor Actions. GM can allow you to do something quick, eg. Draw a weapon,
as part of your action, with a small penalty to dice pool. GM decides what is
reasonable.
Advanced Physical Conflict. Pg. 300. © -2 Dice if you are in melee, attempting to target someone outside of
e Initiative. Composure+Awareness. Do not roll, count d

--- CHUNK 5 ---
own through the the melee.
Initiative scores. oO -2 Dice if you are in melee, using a gun bigger than a handgun.
© Optional: GM can substitute other abilities like Dexterity in some © -2 Dice if spend a minor action to reload.
situations. © Optional: Attacker with highest rate of fire, or who fires most bullets
© Ties - PCs go before enemies, vampires before mortals, highest fictionally, +1 Dice.
Composure first. If still in dispute, then roll a luck dice. = Reloading. GM can require 2 dice minor action to reload after 1,
e Surprise. Usually roll Dexterity+Stealth vs Wits+Awareness. 2, or 3 rounds of a gunfight (depending on ammo capacity).
oO First attack is made with only Diff 1. ¢ Called Shots, pg. 302-303.
¢ Close Combat. oO. After declaring your intent, GM declares difficulty which will be -X
© Attacker => Unarmed fighting = Strength+Brawl. One handed melee = Successes.
Dexterity+Melee. Two-handed melee = Strength+Melee. Holding a gun = -2 usually.
= Strength+Firearms (pg. 302). = -1 to shoot car tyres.
© Defender => Can use above skills, or Dexterity+Athletics if only dodging. = -4 to shoot fuel line of a plane taking off.
© Optional: Weapon with greater reach can get +1 Dice. © GM decides what happens on a success. Not greater damage, but some
© Both fighters roll their pools and compare results. story effect.
= Damage is Successes Margin + Weapon. See table on pg. 304 for ¢ Crippling Injuries, pg. 303.
example weapons. oO If you take damage while Impaired, then death spiral. Roll 1d10+Agg
© Grappling, pg. 301. Damage on table.
= First Round. Strength+Brawl, resolve as above. Instead of
damage, target is restrained and cannot move or attack others. Advanced Social Conflict. Pg. 304.
They can retry grapple. ¢ Decide the stakes before you begin. What will be won, or lost.
= Later Rounds. Roll again. Winner can choose; ¢ These rules assume an active opponent. Do not use these rules for fast
e Damage the foe, using margin of successes as normal. talking, oratory to an audience, seduction.
e Bite foe, 2 Agg damage. ¢ Decide on the dice pools (Stat+Skill) that will be used. Attacker and Defender
e Hold in place. do not need to use same pool.
e Escape grapple. e Initiative
e Ranged Combat. o Not normally needed. But Wits+Etiquette could be used. Could vary by
oO Attacker => Composure+tFirearms. A quickdraw test could be situation. Pg. 305.
Dexterity+Firearms. But Wits+Firearms or Resolve+Firearms are also e Resolution
possible (see example pg. 301). © You can decide to concede without rolling. This can have better story
oO Defender => Dexterity+Athletics. (-2 if no cover). Various cover options consequences than a failure.
on pg. 302. Unaware target does not roll, only Diff 1. ° Roll pools, compare successes.
© Damage is Successes Margin + Weapon. See table on pg. 304 for © Willpower damage is Successes Margin + Audience modifier (see table
example weapons. pg. 305). Note that damage can be ignored, and merely comparing
e Ranged Combat Modifiers, pg. 302. successes over a few rounds can determine the outcome of the
© -2 Dice if outside normal weapon range. conflict.
o Winner achieves the stakes already agreed upon.
Vampire Drawbacks
Daylight Fire, Pe. 221. Extreme Cold, Pg. 221.
e = Inflicts Aggravated damage every turn of «One hour exposure to <-30 degrees, make
Daytime Activity eee eum datnage for hand mative 3+/turn Stamina+Resolve at Diff 2. Test every hour.
e To awake during the day, roll Humanity at Diff damage for inferno. On a failure, you become semi-frozen, you
3 to 5. See paragraph on pg. 219 for stimuli. * Vampires do not burn faster than mortals. cannot move and can only use mental
© You can act for 1 scene. Thereafter Disciplines.
need Diff 3 Humanity rolls to stay e After an hour of being semi-frozen, you
awake longer. freeze solid and enter torpor.
e Your dice pool is capped by your Humanity
during the day. Pg. 219.
Sunlight, Pg. 221.
e = Inflicts (Bane Severity) Aggravated damage
each turn exposed to direct su

--- CHUNK 6 ---
nlight. See pg.
216 for Bane Severity.
e Obscured sunlight, e.g. Curtains or heavily
overcast, reduces frequency of damage.
Vampire Disciplines
Animalism, Pg. 245 Auspex, Pg. 249
Bond Famulus. 3 Rouse feeds. Chat+AnimalK. Mental link with animal Heightened Senses. +Auspex to all perception. Free.
ghoul. Sense the Unseen. Defeat Obfuscate and concealing spells or
Sense the Beast. Free. Sense hostility, or Beast (or other abilities.
supernatural).
00 pamenonstnteteravesyuds
Feral Whispers. 1 Rouse per type of animal. Two way talk with
oe ee ace ermey th Scry The Soul. See auras, emotional state, Resonance, supernatural
type, diablerie.
Animal Succulence. Free. -1 Hunger when feeding from animals. Can Share The Senses. Piggy back on senses of a mortal or another
kill your familiar to get -4 Hunger and +2 to a stat. vampire. Target is unaware.
Quell the Beast. 1 Rouse. Stare down, causes mortals to be
Unliving Hive. (Obfuscate 2). Free. All animalism powers now work 00000 | Clairvoyance. Close your eyes and learn things about a large area
on insect swarms. Gives bonus to intimidation, or distractions in around you (city-block).
combat. Possession (Dominate 3). Take over body of a mortal. Can go out in
OOOO | Subsume the Spirit. 1 Rouse. Free for famulus. Move consciousness daylight. ;
into an animal. Can go out in daylight. Telepathy. Read minds.
00000 | Animal Dominion. 2 Rouse. Command dozens of animals to spy or
fight.
Drawing Out The Beast. 1 Rouse. When you are about to Frenzy, you
can make another person nearby Frenzy instead.
Celerity, Pg. 252 Dominate, Pg. 256
fe) Cat's Grace. Free. Auto-succeed at balance checks. e Requires eye contact. ; ; ;
Rapid Reflexes. Free. Can use defense pool against firearms. Can e When used on lower generation, target can spend Willpower to resist
take a free minor action (e.g. Draw weapon) each turn. automatically. ; |
e If you totally fail the roll, you cannot retry for the session.
oo Fleetness. 1 Rouse. +Celerity to any DEX check, including Dodge e Can trigger Humanity checks.
(once per turn). Storyteller interprets super speed. e House Rule: If you fail to Dominate someone, the target knows you tried
something.
0O0O Blink. 1 Rouse. Move 50m then act. :
Traversal. 1 Rouse. Can move across water or vertical surfaces. Oo Cloud Memory. "Forget" last few minutes. Free. No roll vs mortals.
— (Charismat+Dominate vs Wits+Resolve).
0000 Draught Of Elegance. 1 Rouse. Feed your vitae to another, they gain Compel. Free. A single action command, short sentence. Must be
Celerity dots equal to half yours. able to complete in 1 turn. No roll vs mortals. (Charisma+Dominate
Unerring Aim. (Auspex 2). 1 Rouse. The target of your ranged attack vs Intelligence+Resolve).
cannot dodge.
oo Mesmerize. Complex commands, requires gaze. No conditional
OOOOO Lightning Strike. 1 Rouse. The target of your melee or brawl attack commands.
cannot dodge. Dementation. (Obfuscate 2). Insert nasty words into a conversation,
Split Second. 1 Rouse. Super speed, open to interpretation. causing Willpower damage and eventually Impaired.
000 The Forgetful Mind. Rewrite whole swaths of memories.
Submerged Directive. Mesmerize can now plant hypnotic
suggestions that remain dormant for years.
0000 Rationalize. Victims of Dominate now believe their actions were of
their own free will.
OOOOO | Mass Manipulation. Issue commands to groups of mortals or
vampires.
Terminal Decree. Your commands can now be suicidal.
Fortitude, Pg. 258 Obfuscate, Pg. 261
O Resilience. Add blocks to your Health track ¢ Actions like talking, picking pockets, attacking can break it. Does not work
Unswayable Mind. +Fortitude to resist intimidation, seduction or against cameras.
supernatural mind control.
(6) Cloak of Shadows. Free. Stand still, undetectable.
oo Toughness. Fortitude dots are now armour. Does not help against Silence Of Death. Free. Total silence. Does not work against
banes like fire. machines.
Enduring Beasts. (Animalism 1). Your animal ghouls are 

--- CHUNK 7 ---
tougher, add
blocks to Health track. fofe) Unseen Passage. 1 Rouse. Move, undetectable. Cannot make noise.
(efele) Defy Bane. Improved resistance to fire and sunlight. Fortitude Agg 000 Ghost In The Machine. Free. Recorded images of you are fuzzy.
Damage becomes superficial. Mask Of A Thousand Faces. 1 Rouse. Can interact with people, and
Fortify The Inner Facade. Your aura and mind cannot be read. be forgotten afterwards. Appear as nondescript stranger.
0000 Draught of Endurance. Feed your vitae to another, they gain 0000 ss Conceal. (Auspex 3). 1 Rouse. Can hide an object, car or small house.
Fortitude dots equal to half yours. Vanish. (pre-req Cloak of Shadows). Free. Can activate Cloak Of
Shadows or Unseen Passage even while being observed.
OOOOO | Flesh of Marble. Ignore one source of damage every turn.
Prowess from Pain. Ignore wound penalties, and boost a stat by the OOOOO | Cloak The Gathering. +1 Rouse. Obfuscate works on Wits number of
amount of damage already taken. friends.
Imposters Guise. (pre-req Mask Of A Thousand Faces). 1 Rouse.
Disguise as a specific individual.
Potence, Pg. 264 Presence, Pg. 266
(e) Lethal Body. Free. Unarmed attacks to Agg damage to mortals, and [e) Awe. Free. Add Presence to any persuasion or performance check.
ignore Potence armour. Daunt. Free. Uses Presence to repel or threaten. To attack me
Soaring Leap. Free. Jump 3xPotence meters vertically. Or 5xPotence requires a Diff 2 Resolve+Composure roll. Add Presence to
horizontal. intimidation. Cannot be used at same time as Awe.
oO Prowess. 1 Rouse. Add 1xPotence to unarmed damage and any oo Lingering Kiss. When you bite, it is super ecstacy. Can cause
Strength feat. And add Half x Potence to melee damage. addiction.
0O0O Brutal Feed. Free. Savage Kiss. Bite and then feed Potence worth of 000 Dread Gaze. Display fangs, cause mortals to freeze in fear, vampires
Hunger per turn. Does Agg to mortals. can be forced to spend Willpower. Even on a failure, mortals are
Spark of Rage. (Presence 3). 1 Rouse. Add Potence to social moves unable to attack. The degree of success determines duration.
that incite violence. Can try provoke another vampire to Frenzy. Entrancement. Force love in a single target for hours.
Uncanny Grip. 1 Rouse. Can climb and hang upside down.
0000 Irresistable Voice. (Dominate 1). No longer need eye contact for
0000 Draught of Might. 1 Rouse. Feed your vitae to another, they gain Dominate.
Potence dots equal to half yours. Summon. Target feels a pull, knows where to go, knows who is
OOOO0 sEarthshock. 2 Rouse. Punch ground shockwave. 5m radius, knock off calling.
balance. OOOOO | Majesty. Divine beauty or terrifying. Nearby people cannot act to
oppose you without winning a contest.
Star Magnetism. Presence can be used on live camera feeds (not
recordings).
Protean, Pg. 269 Blood Sorcery, Pg. 272

(e) Eyes Of The Beast. Free. Red gleam, see in total darkness and +2 [e) Corrosive Vitae. You make your dripping blood turn into acid.
Intimidation on mortals. A Taste For Blood. Taste somebody's blood and learn resonance,
Weight of the Feather. Free. Weightless, no damage from falling, not supernatural type, blood potency, approximate generation. Can
trigger sensors. taste diablerie.

oo Feral Weapons. 1 Rouse. +2 damage, and superficial damage not fofe) Extinguish Vitae. Increase the Hunger of another vampire.
halved. 000 Blood of Potency. You can increase your Blood Potency for 1 scene.

0O0O Earth Meld. 1 Rouse. Sink into ground (not artificial, like concrete). Can even exceed your generation limit.

Shapechange. 1 Rouse. Change into a single type of animal. Can use Scorpion's Touch. You make your blood poisonous. Can coat
some Disciplines. weapons or spit or kiss. Can make your own blood toxic if someone
drinks from you. Cannot be used in syringe, or to spike drinks. Does

0000 Metamorphosis. 1 Rouse. Additional animal type for Shapechange. Agg damage to mortals. Kindred Fortitude resists.

00000 | Mist Form. 1-3 Rouse. Takes 1

--- CHUNK 8 ---
-3 turns. Cannot make eye contact. 0000 | Theft of Vitae. A mortal begins bleeding, and you can feed on them
Move at walking pace. Can only be damaged by sunlight, fire and without biting from across the room. The effects of the Kiss are still
immaterial supernatural attacks. felt.

Unfettered Heart. Free. More difficult to stake.
OOOOO sBaal's Caress. Stronger version of Scorpion's Touch. One drop now
kills a mortal, and does Agg damage to vampires. Next time a
vampire sleeps, they must roll again to resist poison or enter torpor.
Cauldron of Blood. Boil blood of victim in their own veins, massive
damage, excruciating pain. Does Agg damage to vampires, and
increases Hunger. 1 dmg kills mortals.
Blood Sorcery Rituals Level 4, pg. 279.
. oo. Defense of the Sacred Haven. Prepare an area (e.g. Window or door), and the sun
Wards. An object, less than 1m in size. Lasts forever. Does Agg damage. Auspex To
can detect will not penetrate. Lasts 1 day.
. . oo. . . Eves of the Nighthawk. Can use the senses of a bird, e.g. Crow. Lasts for 3 nights,
Warding Circle. Can point inward or outward to protect or imprison. 3 rouse
. . ees unlimited range.
checks. Last until dawn. Higher difficulty to last for a year and a day. When a .
. Incorporeal Passage. You become a ghost, can pass walls. Immune to physical
trespasser tries to move through, roll. On success, they cannot pass and take . 4
superficial damage, and must spend WP to ret damage, but can be harmed by sunlight, fire, etc. Lasts 1 scene.
upernic! Be, usE SP "y. Ward Against Cainites. Like it says.
Warding Circle Against Lupines. Like it says.
Level 1, pg. 276. ¥
Blood Walk. Using a cup of another vampires blood, you learn generation, sire Level 5 280
name. Critical success also reveals blood bonds. .
. . . Escape to True Sanctuary. Prepare 2 circles, A and B. You can teleport A -> B.
Clinging of the Insect. Spider climb. . .
Takes 3 nights to prepare. Can take 1 friend. Cannot have more than 1 pair of
Craft Bloodstone. Create a stone you can track. Lasts 1 week. . .
Se . circles. Damage to any circle breaks it.
Wake with Evening’s Freshness. Cast before daysleep, allows you to wake up with . .
ae Heart of Stone. Your heart becomes stone, immune to staking. Lasts forever, but
penalties if disturbed. ae
Ward Against Ghouls. Lik t your personality becomes extra heartless.
an ains outs. mike name suggests Shaft of Belated Dissolution. Make a magical stake that causes Final Death. +3 to
attacks. If attack succeeds with margin of 5, dead immediately. Otherwise,
Level 2, pg. 277. . P F . .
. Lous . . . a, splinter still magically drills towards heart over hours or nights. Surgery that takes
Communicate with Kindred Sire. Telepathic long distance communication. .
Eyes of Babel. Eat tongue and e\ e, you can read and speak languages known b' 4 hours can remove splinter.
~ Bu ye, you P Buss wn by Warding Circle Against Cainites. Like it says.
victim for 1 week.
Illuminate the Trail of Prey. Can see faint trail showing movements 24 hours ago
for a target.
Truth of Blood. You can roll to see if the target just lied. Ends when you miss one.
Ward Against Spirits. Ghosts.
Warding Circle Against Ghouls. Like it says.
Level 3, pg. 278.
Dragon's Call. Target must have tasted your blood. Within a week you harm them
at range. Agg damage to Mortals, Superficial to kindred. Can be done 3 times.
Deflection of Wooden Doom. First stake piercing your chest will shatter. Lasts 1
night.
Essence of Air. Potion that grants self (only) ability to fly at walking speed.
Firewalker. Fire damage is halved for night. Can be performed on others.
Ward Against Lupines. Like it says.
Warding Circle Against Spirits. Like it says. Can be performed by mortals, if they
got vitae.
Thin Blood Alchemy, Pg. 282
* Powered by thin-blood vitae, and mortal blood with Resonance. Distillation ie} Far Reach. Telekinetic push objects or people up to 100kg, range
cost is for making it. Activation cost is for using it. GM should modify dice 

--- CHUNK 9 ---
pool 10m.
depending on quality of ingredients. Haze. Mist follows you, making ranged attacks against you more
¢ Asuccesses for it to work well. 2 for it to work weakly or late. 6 for increased difficult.
effect. fofe) 1 Dot Disciplines Copy. You can make mixtures that emulate other
Methods of Preparation Disciplines ist th ff Is or blind kindred
1. Athanor Cororis. Your body makes the mixture, you drink the ingredients. Envelop. Create a mist that can suffocate mortals or blind kindred.
Can be done without a prepared lab, but can only affect yourself. 000 2 Dot Disciplines Copy. You can make mixtures that emulate other
2. Calcinatio. A mortal body makes the mixture, you feed your blood and Disciplines.
ingredients to a victim. Defractionate. Restores old stored blood to freshness.
3. Fixatio. You use a machine or oven or chemical lab. Can affect allies, but
requires prepared lab. 0000 3 Dot Disciplines Copy: Require 1 drop of vitae from a vampire of
the clan that has the Discipline you want to copy (not enough to
blood bond or cause Hunger).
Airbourne Momentum. 1 Rouse. Fly. Can carry human-sized mass.
OOOOO | 4 Dot Disciplines Copy: You can make mixtures that emulate other
Disciplines.
Awaken The Sleeper. A potion that can awaken a vampire from
torpor.


