--- CHUNK 0 ---
ADVANCED SYSTEMS

any sign of chicanery; some even go “accidentally” locked out some Getting and Spending
so far as to keep lengthy and exact morning. Boons
records of all boons owed and held MINOR BOON: Minor boons
in their domains. The cheater may require one of the Kindred going While a given domain may have
even find themselves exiled from out of their way to perform or pay rigorous conventions in place for
court — ifa vampire’s word means off. They have a small but lasting recording and observing who has
nothing, their oath of allegiance cost, or involve some risk — physi- sworn boons to whom, the comple-
cannot be trusted either. Even cal, social, or other. A Kindred tion of a boon is comparatively
Anarchs honor boons, in large part might promise or demand a minor simple. Once the Kindred who
to prove that they don’t need courts boon for casting a vote in favor of holds the boon declares it satisfied,
and princes to keep themselves another during a convocation of that’s it. It’s done.
honorable. elders, killing an inconvenient but In terms of game mechanics,

Kindred use a number of dif- not very important human, grant- calling in a boon mostly affects
ferent ways to keep track of boons ing access to a book of lore or an Social tests. A trivial boon is worth
in different domains. In some, a ancient diary, or providing a vessel one or two dice on the roll; a
specially appointed Harpy keeps or sanctuary in a desperate hour. character might offer a boon to the
careful books of who owes who, in MAJOR BOON: A major boon can target, payable on a win on the roll.
others, each major figure has their alter the flow of Kindred affairs Alternately, the target may already
own currency representing boons in a domain, directly or indirectly. owe the character the boon; the
(such as rare coins, signed slips, They always involve real risk or real character reminding the target of
lengths of thread and so on) that expense, and both parties usually the debt causes the die modifier.
they hand our, in a third there is intend to recoup. Examples of major In this case, a win for the character
only the honor system. boons include investiture as the Fil- fulfills the boon debt.

The more powerful the granter ius Major of the Cainite I leresy ina A minor boon held by a
of a boon, the more powerful the city, grants of rich hunting grounds, character should ideally equal
boon. revealing a major secret, leveraging an automatic win on a Social

In general, the society of the significant resources toward some- test against the debtor. Going
Damned recognizes four classifica- one else’s agenda, or reversing one’s the other direction, a Social test
tions of boons: expected vote in council. may instead resolve the question
TRIVIAL BOON? ‘The easiest boons LIFE BOON: This is the rarest “Does the target require a minor
both to acquire and to satisfy. A and most valuable of the boons boon in exchange for this favor?”
trivial boon generally involves observed by the Damned, and If the character wins the roll, the
no risk or significant cost for the perhaps ironically, the one most of- target doesn’t demand a boon; if
granter. A Kindred might earn ten promised at a moment's notice they lose, they still get what they
or promise a trivial boon for aid — when the next moment might want, but at the cost of a minor
in finding blood, for getting an bring Final Death. One might boon.
invitation to an exclusive soiree or earn a life boon by killing another Major boons and life boons
entrée to a hot nightclub, or for powerful vampire, but most life are game developments larger
making space ina haven. In most boons come under duress. Kindred than single tests encompass. Major
domains, coterie members per- have sworn life boons in exchange boons can risk the equivalent of
form trivial boons for each other not just for their own unlives, but two- or three-dot Backgrounds,
without recording them, although for protection for Touchstones, of- or more. Player characters shou

--- CHUNK 1 ---
ld
a vampire who doesn’t carry their fering an alibi in a case of princely promise them only in extremis
share of the favor load might get justice, or just for keeping some and use them for domain- and

hideous secret. chronicle-changing efforts
315
mr
J rn A,
‘ ent Se | i pie
eau 4 7. oe, , Pil Ag
On 4 f pe nana - = ‘ Fi | N ful io
+ oe aids bray? Ld ae iy
me ho mam =, La i "\ foe Fut | :
1 aaa Cee Ag)
‘vé LVUE EA AWD
‘ > ee oy a
‘ iar Wey
; xf LP
eae, 47) oe) SAR =. 4 ‘ he Hee 8.
thet Va. a fa Sed + ae v3
a eg uh Wea ' 1 We. hte ee
fe gh Ag IN Ri
} Hd ys RS 5 f epee Ns
oy a Tae if iy 4 (URN ' j pee ft Ms fh Lat iA 4 a
ry nbs Seay yore ath Veal! Thi,"
Wie Tee ie: 4 i et ' ete aes”
A a wit mf ay w f +; oie’ es
oe Ms ’ Oi. ey aR hehe
a eB (Sg hy 31616 vi ' ROME a ss
k Ht ey ' A fe3 , Pal ' ARE '
rtly hha ® \ hey Rig aeg ey
4 He ay Ww ‘ Perey i ba a Ras ,
3, i @ CITHES
, 4 eat en
\ \) f’) § Skee)
2 : bt i de 4g FS ~,
5 o sired er 4 as
iN res 7 aye, ewe
1 aN : : ae
Bae he Sis sy - a 8
C read =~
_ | ATR ee}
San cae
. i - \ oe
T have seen phantoms there that were as men
And men that were as phantoms flit and roam;
Marked shapes that were not living to my ken,
Caught breathings acrid as with Dead Sea foam:
The City rests for man so weird and awful,
That his intrusion there might seem unlawful,
And phantoms there may have their proper home.
- JAMES THOMSON, THE CITY OF DREADFUL NIGHT
dds are, your chronicle unfolds in a city. defining quality of the vampire. This makes humanity
Vampires belong in the city, the natural into a resource, a foodstuff unevenly distributed across
habitat of the unnatural. Like rats and the cityscape. Some areas are easy to hunt in, others
cockroaches, they thrive wherever are hard. What’s more, individual taste can make an
humans congregate and build their homes. As the area unusually desirable or undesirable.
Storyteller, you shape and use the environment where For example, a given Ventrue Prince drinks
your characters live their unlives. only the blood of homeless vagrants. Many of these
The city has two key functions in your game. The sleep in the city's metro tunnels, the domain of the
first, obviously: The city acts as the stage on which Nosferatu. Since the Nosferatu hate the Prince and
everything happens. The second: The city provides a know about their culinary predilections, they have
thousand reasons for player and Storyteller characters decreed the tunnels off-limits to everyone, even
to want something. City as motivation seems more ab- members of their own clan. Ostensibly they seek
stract than city as scenery, but plays a more important to maintain the Masquerade and avoid suspicious
part. Stories emerge from character motivation, which deaths too close to their havens, but everyone in the
you can tie intimately to the geography of your city. Camarilla knows the real reason.
Consider hunting. All Kindred hunt for blood, the The question is, will the Prince assert their
3R7
COREBOOK i |
|
a 2
% ra = ; ‘ th |
. } é
if } ) ; }
\ \
4 Y led li
\ seas
A \ j ‘
: _—— Te a
The tower’s built of spit and spite, aie +” cm Hi
Without a sound, without a sight. } LF ini
The biter bit, the bitter bite. —
(It’s better to be out at night.) ==
Fg
ie
LG | ¥ bs
. 318
CITIES
——
privileges and hunt in Nosferatu el ere | ii i
territory, or will they accept the c a Peak sos J |
Nosferatu rule and risk appearing | ia | Mt
weak? If they hunt, they destabi- an i 1 [ l}
lize the city fora petty personal } jeer A ai
reason, but if they don't, it sug- rrr mm i
gests they don't have complete [| Lie fT [ |
control over their city. = b. ae tl i [ —_ |
~ . Be ~. am r {

The Feudal 7 SSLUE Te
System 4 ET pe. ge
The way Kindred divide and organ- Fe. eS ee ge See, ~, ~~
ize urban territory resembles the . | in | mj t- oe
medieval feudal system, although ee a Pe Oe ene
local variations abound. Anarchs "
assign territory by arbitrary
ideological guidelines that rapidly
devolve to who knows whom, and upside is freedom, the downside s

--- CHUNK 2 ---
ired feeding area, and their price
who has the support of the Baron is poor hunting grounds and is open romantic companionship
or Council tonight. In both cases, unglamorous unliving. If they at Elysium.
strength provides the ultimate title want something better, they may If the characters advance from
to turf, while favors, hierarchy, decide to take over the house the bottom of the hierarchy, or if the
and territory interplay to create of a rich family and make them chronicle concerns more established
conflict, or in other words, to cre- into blood slaves. But to do that, vampires, they can use the system
ate story. For example, the Prince they need permission from the from both perspectives: They need
of a Camarilla city gives the docks Toreador who have the rights to to do favors for others, but they can
to the Sheriff. The Sheriff is too that territory. In exchange, the also demand favors of their own.
busy with their duties to hunt, Toreador Primogen demands that
so they give five other vampires the characters must organize the
permission to have their havens amusements for one night at the Domains
in the Sheriff's territory and to Elysium each month. Vampire territories go by the name
hunt there. In exchange, they must This way, a simple question “domains” even in ostensibly An-
provide the Sheriff with a regular of living arrangements starts to arch cities, although some Anarchs
supply of vessels. transform into a story. The same use “turf” or “assignat” or “hood”

Kindred feudalism generates happens when it comes to feeding or “tusovka.” Camarilla Princes
story options for player charac- rights. Perhaps the characters want hold the largest domains, their
ters. If the characters are in the access to a new feeding terri- regnum comprising all the lesser
bottom of the hierarchy, they tory because they need to feed on domains within the entire city — in
need a place to live. This pro- another type of blood. To do this, theory. In practice, independent
vides a simple goal with a clear they have to feed illegally (with its lords, Anarch gangs, and the needs
set of options. Do the characters own interesting story consequenc- of the Masquerade keep some space
decide to live in a downscale es) or seek permission. Maybe a out of the Prince’s talons even in
suburb claimed by nobody? The Nosferatu elder controls their de- the most seemingly organized city.

319
~
e
Ld
COREBOOK Fy :
e Oa ae
on & eJ
va [ye
: abe
.~ > :
se .
e
: : “a F
DOMAINS BY AREA: Physical ground and boundaries *e pat:
+ ~ . . ‘se yay
on the maps define the archetypal vampire domain. More s a, ;
influential and respected (or feared) Kindred hold larger é oe,
domains in more desirable areas. Up-and-comers, the ® ig ‘-~ E
so-far loyal, and other Kindred with potential utility hold vet ‘Tans:
smaller corners of the city by Princely decree. In between "J om
lie streets and blocks and sometimes kilometers of urban oy. al
landscape, open to neonate covens and vulnerable to me ay o<.
Anarch gangs. x 2 ~, =
5 : ~ «e z
Some domains spread from a central spot — “five blocks R Pa te
around the water tower on Hillside” or “six streets off the a. & é ‘
Odeon.” This leads to fuzzy boundaries, which leads to 4 or
wittingly poaching and unknowingly trespassing. Vam- 3 a” . &
pires paint their turf with “the marks,” Kindred graffiti, :
and defend it with their talons or their pull with Council stabs
or Court. 3; ° Pye
Higher-status Kindred may hold whole neighborhoods x! “ PS .
al “E , ~ vo ge
in fief: the Duke of Echo Park, the Count of Cross Bay, Cat. a. -
~ . . . ha Sas
the Lady of Guell. These nobles allow their own vassals % é
to hold smaller blocks within their domains, providing ‘ B74
protection from turf-jumpers in exchange for service or ba a: on = oid
vessels, ire # “a
sag el
DOMAINS OF ASSOCIATION: Domains may only cover 40 o> ft a8 &
one building, albeit a large one such as a hospital fd Nerd $) »
complex or shopping mall, and their parking garages ¢ at
and sewers. B

--- CHUNK 3 ---
ut in some cities, all the sewers belong a v4 M
~ . © ae Roe
to the Nosferatu by right, domains by natural exper- oo eo
2 2 " 2
tise or clan authority. Kindred may claim rights from a : v4
centuries ago over the “highway,” now interpreted as “e5 oe -
everything touched by the Interstate or Autobahn. The & ; — -
large parks may be Gangrel turf after a truce in the fi — ® : ‘
Anarch war, while the small parks remain parceled out . 13 \
eye . : ~ : % eas
to individual coteries or under the authority of ley-line Pa s ‘
tracing Tremere. :
g .?
DOMAINS OF AUTHORITY: [n some cities, the Toreador Fs e city
hold prior claim over public art and private galleries, a 2) ®
Lady of the Stage commands all theaters and doles out Aw a oH .
actors as chosen blood dolls to her favorites, or a Lord of 7 gt
Medicine controls all hunts at hospitals and clinics. The 7% ao
latter scuffles with the Gangrel Haunt of Dogs over vet- 2 é ,!
erinarians and animal hospitals, even as the Haunt claims "Hy ox be. i
: ~ : : an od ¢ es 2
protection over the coyotes that seek food in the city no 4 ‘ AY Rg
matter whose block they feed on. 5 be > 2,
So re 4
Ste & A
ay il aa is
320° pe Hy
+ wae bee gi
fe .
ie
CITIES
Hunting Territories
3 Anarch or Camarilla, every Kindred city turns on the
ot politics of hunting. At the raw end of it, almost eve-
f rywhere too many vampires compete for too few kine.
" Yad By extension from predator-prey dynamics in the nat-
ural world, a vampire should have about sixty square
kilometers of city as their exclusive hunting ground;
in most cities, Kindred count themselves fortunate
with one percent of that. Hunting must be limited
for practical purposes: every vampire in the city can’t
- ae ‘ i stalk the same nightclub and maintain the club as a
, ‘ going concern, much less maintain the Masquerade.
septic ee However, Kindred rulers also limit hunting as a power
Ao A play, a way to assert predatory dominance.
A . nee Every city varies: in some cities the Primogen
or Anarch council declare the Rack (the city’s
nightclub district, teeming with temptingly wasted.
Le —— humans — and with police) off limits to hunting.
In others, they reserve it for themselves, stating
-” { mm that only experienced, responsible vampires can
; ‘ 4 a] be trusted to hunt there without making mistakes.
ry , G8 In some cities, certain neighborhoods become the
a * =e “Prince’s Forest” or the “Game Reserve,” off limits
= . NY ss without special permission. In others, rulers parcel
: \ out hunting rights with domains, allow hunts all
3 Ms across the cities on feast days, grant licenses in
ss a8 exchange for special services, or anything else that
* secures their control and imperils their rivals.
Kindred new to town must therefore make sure
: F j m they know the lay of the land before too many
Fe ; : nights pass. Sometimes local Kindred mislead the
ty ist newcomers and direct them to forbidden grounds,
ee Be rie y ¥ #8 ss as a way to test their masters without open rebel-
re Ls tee st Sots - ae lion, or just to cull the competition. Breaking the
we re ue law seems easy — is the Prince watching this seedy
bar toilet? — but the penalties can be extreme.
Some rulers make hunting law murky, onerous, and
contradictory on purpose. This way, almost every
. vampire in the city ends up breaking the law sooner
or later. If the Prince or council wants to dispose
of a rival, they simply wait for the inevitable illegal
hunting incident and banish or execute the offender
on this ostensibly just pretext.
321
COREBOOK
7 = i | r
lhe eo
Marks: aes
aN 2
: e ) } ¥ q :
M ° | es Ge me 6 ts
Vampire Graffiti *
= =
= (TM GONNA BEAT YOUR ASS
How do vampires communicate A paper rat pasted to the wall
with each other when they’re all of the train tunnel, the ornate 5 Bo
hidden in the dark, dwelling in se- curlicue red V sprayed on the ,__ ss Sj Ee
cret lairs, lying to each other and bank’s alley wall, the' yellow hiero- | ~ ae,
off the grid? glyph chalked in the abandoned = Cy (f
They do it wi

--- CHUNK 4 ---
th the marks, church doorway. The words “red = » = A
sometimes called “the vampire teeth” tagged on the stairwell, we Ni IN lm .
cant.” Similar to modern gang the Warhol Marilyn airbrushed AND GET AWAY WITH IT a
tags, subvertisements and graf- over the transom. The tattoo ona
fiti, these public works of art or blood doll, the seemingly random a
vandalism contain jargon, coded words on newspapers pasted i: gh ie ae
symbols, or archaic terms that over a boarded-up storefront. spots something, recognizes ©
signal meaning to fellow Kindred These marks tell Kindred whose _what they automatically no-
— and hopefully, only to them. The turf they’re on, what clan claims -\» | tice, or can truly puzzle out the
marks evolve from graffiti going the block, whom the Council has! * ‘meaning of the object in front of
back to Pompeii and from gang declared anathema. e ? them. If a scene’s drama doesn’t
tags invented this decade. By de- The marks also give Storytell- hinge on the success or failure
sign, they blend with old posters, ers a simple tool for inserting of an action —ifthey fail to spot
guerrilla art, urban spray sign, and Kindred culture throughout the the mark, they won’t discover
street construction rhumb lines. city. Mentioning meaningful tags the secret entrance to a rival’s
and symbols in setting descriptions haven; if they misinterpret the
a 7 eh . 5 helps create the illusion that other mark, they’Il accidentally lead
fi oF i} ie athe t ; a = characters are moving through the coterie into hostile territory,
ZZ 45 i " dias the game world when the players’ etc. — then don’t roll for it. Give
™® 4 wo characters aren’t there; somebody knowledge for free; charge only
"os 4 \-4 : a painted all that stuff, somebody for drama. Focus on just the part
<< Ne (“Say has something to say. that’s important.
re Sse) Vampire characters can use
| AXES WE? MARKS AND MECHANICS lar Skills on the marks. Mor-
~~ —_ rs OS regu
] Sometimes the tension or tals need some sort of occult or
dramatic outcome of a scene other special knowledge to read
hinges on whether a character the marks — although the Second
322
CITIES
a as {
“x - A i
. i” TRA ; ° ' PERSUADING WITH MARKS
oe FY ; e eh > 13 , This is how subvertisements
b t i ‘B& <* undermine the company line, how
: 4. A pop culture cracks the facade of
Hor = “ . » a) ra) am the powers that be, how viral
»} ’ < 4 > memes infect the body politic. = __
25 " vi é B q Naturally, the majority of graffiti,
= | eee ’ & 6 fobs <6 Kindred or other, doesn’t,result _ ‘
: yt =.) i ’ »’ in real change. Only those works -
i bi > i , Ay x ~\ | 4§ that strike a nerve and get car-
Be aad = ———- ——' 2 ried through the culture of the
= ee fob ae .
ee | ‘ “a | ae va Damned like a bug become pro-
Pa | ‘ y eS * Pam found and unforgettable enough to
i - be considered real power plays.
‘J ~ f »,
| / Dice Pool: Roll to encode
z fe tt the mark with Manipulation +
. . whichever Social Skill best fits the
if =v a A is = . intended message: Intimidation (to
. frighten or weaken), Leadership
, bx sie (to rally allies), Persuasion (to con-
a5 i vert onlookers), or Subterfuge (to
Inquisition may have assembled , COMMUNICATING send a false message). The Social
a collection of the most obvious WITH MARKS Skill cannot contribute more dice
ones. Storytellers may impose Dif- These marks just send messages, to the pool than the tagger’s Craft
ficulty bumps or die penalties for from “this is my turf” to “Inquisi- plus the relevant Specialty. The
quality of paint, rough or cracked tors working undercover here.” Storyteller can have the tagger
surfaces, lack of time, exposure to The tagger doesn’t intend to hide roll this pool as a contest against
the elements, etc. their meaning, but to signal fellow a specific target to influence them
Kindred. or as a Social test against a Diffi-
SPOTTING, RECOGNIZING To create a coded mark, use culty set by the audience attitude.
AND DECIPHERING MARKS Intelligence plus the lower of your The more successes, t

--- CHUNK 5 ---
he
Characters who know specific Craft and the Skill associated with longer the work’s meaning stays
marks notice them in the urban the message. with the viewer, the further word
tapestry, catching sight of them in spreads of its quality, the greater
the gloom, on the crumbling con- Dice Pool: Intelligence + Craft the number of eyes that see it. In
crete, in caked-on layers of graffiti. (Painting or Poster Art or Graf- general, the work stays au courant
fiti), although tagging a particu- for a number of nights equal to the
Dice Pool: Intelligence + Street- larly hard-to-reach spot might use successes on the roll. On a critical
wise (for street tags) or Investiga- Dexterity; disguising the mark as win, the tag genuinely changes
tion (for repeated patterns) or normal graffiti tags might use Wits something, if only outraging its
Insight (for double meanings); Dif- + Streetwise. On a critical win, target into foolishly premature
ficulty depends on the obscurity of word of the mark rapidly reaches action Mf
the mark and whether the tagger the intended audience even if they
wants it found by outsiders. haven’t passed by the spot.
323
COREBOOK ig
Broken "
Soc ial Scenes : Designing Domains
Ny. ae Domains have three Traits: Chasse, Lien, and Porcillon.
In these example hunting grounds, the crowd he (see p. 195 for details). It’s probably best when design-
serves as the draw and the event. These hunting Sag ing domains for the game to begin with Chasse: a
grounds don’t depend entirely on a location; J a “measure of a domain's richness as a hunting ground, it’s
they could happen on many sites and in many ri the most important concern for the ruler granting the
districts throughout the city. f domain and the Kindred who receive it.
For each hunting ground, consider the Reso- As a general rule, good stuff is rarer than mediocre
nances provided to be guidelines only. Double = stuff. This holds true for everything, but especially
the odds of Intensity, however, as the kine tend y : for vampire domains. One-dot Chasse domains vastly
to get their blood up at these events. “> 8 outnumber all the other values put together.
a For a city of three million people, consider this an
AFTER-SCHOOL ACTIVITY average breakdown:
Soccer practice, art club, drama club, band a re
practice, the list goes on. Preying on kids draws Chasse Possipte Grocrapnicat EQUIVALENTS _
far too much attention; the clever hunter targets e Single very large epaliiment building, one
residential or industrial city block
tired parents coming to pick their children up EE —_———
after a hard day at work. Often frazzled and not Pe P ee se ecto tenet he Jonna all
really paying attention to their surroundings, st 4 [”SOC Se pape nn no eT
. . 8 ec5o Eight blocks on a major street, one me-
they barely pick up on any but the most violent \ dium site (airport, major employer, casino,
attacks. Best part: If a dad starts to feel tired > college), small domain of authority
every day, he definitely won't suspect vampires. ” . ecoe One square kilometer, one district, one
= large site (amusement park, university),
Victim Types: Working parents (Phlegmatic, : io. medium domain of authority
Choleric, Melancholy) ryyyy) One of these is the Prince or Baron's
Systems: Add one die to all Social or Mental Pefsonallestate
hunting dice pools. Large domain of authority, prime hunting
| turf (e.g., the Rack)
: Most potential domains never show up in the game
ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS MEETING : either the Prince keeps them all off limits as their
Or NarcAnon, or SexAnon, or any other gE : Royal Forest, or they are endless residential or indus-
twelve-step group on folding chairs drinking bad trial stretches and stripmalls barely adding up to one
coffee and eating stale donuts. But the blood is : dot apiece, locked up tight in gated communities or
probably clean, and you can find out a lot about : empty at night and essentially worthless.
a victim for long-term stalking. You can even ¥ 7 Every country and city dif

--- CHUNK 6 ---
fers greatly, and every
testify about your own addictions ... just change 4 chronicle even more so — but as a very general rule
the details a little. of thumb, one dot of Chasse equals between 500 and
1,000 mortals. Don’t put too much credibility into,
Victim Types: All walks of life, though mostly or stress on, this number. A single “farming” vampire
Melancholic. Some Sanguine blood, perhaps, at a needs an absolute minimum of 30 mortals to feed from
SexAnon. to avoid anemia and other debilities in their herd,
Systems: Lots of traumas here; add two dice to ? Pind but the Masquerade is a much bigger problem when
Insight rolls to find and understand a Dyscrasia. ? dealing with that small herds. A “hunting population”
Difficulties at -| for all non-Physical hunting rolls. should be (at minimum) two orders of magnitude
\ @
CITIES
BAR -
TABERNA | Vita 7. 2 i
4 aye ge. ee wr @)
1 SS Tape }
a... .4= = =. ART INSTALLATION
oO 4 ml \ Taw Cc | At this experimental art happening, a trained
a ni amee = ¥ assistant draws blood from the gallery audience,
a ma = al ¥ : sf) % ostensibly to be used as the medium for dura-
4 t oe ; - tional works in which the artist sprays blood live
o = onto canvas, where it slowly rots. Of course,
i } — some clever Toreador has swapped out the good
= P stuff for corn syrup.
Victim Types: Adventurous urban art aficiona-
6 dos (Melancholy), blood scene freaks (Sanguine)
' ~ ty Systems: Unless you set the gallery up, it’s
larger: closer to 3,000 mortals per vampire to conceal ® Ps hard to hunt here; tight monitoring adds +2 to
their depredations in the red noise of conventional f @ hunting Difficulties. However, if you did set it up
murders, cruelties, and disappearances. Thus, a coterie 2 (with Influence in the gallery world, perhaps) it’s
of three to five vampires “should” have, at minimum, Ps # ample blood for a month.
a domain of 10,000 people. And that’s in the relatively i
violent US. The number of mortals needed to hide the x ” 8
ravages of a player coterie could be much higher in a
European country like Norway, where the number of CONVENTION
murders per capita is seven times lower than the US. Hundreds or thousands of out-of-town strangers
Or you could say that the Kindred are so deeply em- R flood into some random hotel for a long week-
bedded in the semi-socialist hospital and elderly care 4 end of seminars or panels or looking at applianc-
systems of Scandinavia that Camarilla vampires have a es or buying old magazines. To hunt successfully
easy access to prey. This would allow more vampires to z here, you need to scout out ahead a little, but
feed off fewer people without arousing suspicion. The “3 - once you understand who the people are, it’s
numbers are up to you. As long as they feel somewhat , easy. Best of all, the prey rotates, so you don’t
plausible, you're good. Sa have to worry too much about being recognized.
However, Chasse measures more than raw num- : :
bers of throats; it also takes into account the physical —* ¥ Victim Types: Professionals (Phlegmatic),
size of the domain, the ease of hunting there, and the . subject-matter nerds (Choleric or Sanguine),
richness of the prey. For example, a decent-sized club vendors (Melancholy).
holds 800 to 1,000 people, with perhaps three or four Systems: Hunting Difficulties at -2; add one die
times that number cycling through over the evening. to your Social pools if you possess a specialty
(A really good-sized dance club might hold 10,000 or f relevant to the convention; add Fame if relevant;
more.) But most of those are delicious and easy prey, no danger of over-hunting (p. 331).
“multiplying” the numbers by two or three. A domain — ¢
consisting of three nightclubs thus equals one covering =
a whole neighborhood in a quieter part of town. At
‘ f
325 °
COREBOOK 2 al
ILLEGAL OUTDOOR RAVE : the end of the night, the Trait exists not to map some
It's somewhat hard to get to — you have to walk Ny. ae sort of vampire census tract, but to provide mechan

--- CHUNK 7 ---
ical
through some woods or down a canal, but after P 48 support for the story.
midnight it's guaranteed to be full of stoned and 5 Stories often work better with smaller domains,
drunk people who never call the cops, no matter J — * that are easier for players to feel they know. Chronicles
what happens. On a party night you can hear the o work better — have richer conflict — with vampires
bass for kilometers, and the beach or forest is a c competing constantly for territory. The actual sprawl-
smorgasbord of people doing drugs and fucking. ing size of most cities (Chicago comprises nearly 21,000
= city blocks; it’s not particularly vast, for a modern city)
Victim Types: Hippies and junkies (Melan- y . works against both dramatic necessities, so downplay
choly), broke party kids (Sanguine), aging organ- “> 8 it. Similarly, the chronicle becomes increasingly un-
izers (Phlegmatic). an wieldy with more than one vampire per 10,000 people
Systems: It’s a feast! Hunting Difficulties at -3. : in a city. Chicago has a population of about three mil-
However, alcohol and drugs fizz through all the ay lion, and 300 vampires can feel like a lot, even for “Chi-
blood (p. 310). raq.” The size of domains and their populations, and
how badly they have been thinned by Second Inquisi-
— ST De . tion and the Beckoning is ultimately up to you. Focus
és 4 on stories, not numbers; use these values as a skeleton
MILONGA zy 9 = they can support your story, but they shouldn't break
Devotees of the tango flock to seedy dance halls, = through and be seen.
hotel ballrooms, or family social clubs for these 5
events, often coming from other cities with a
less active tango scene. If you can dance, you can
hunt. Contra dancing, swing meetups, square & i
dances — any sort of group dance event works a .
here. Why fight over the same drunk club kids 4
when you can drink your fill from bored moms |
and desperate singles?
Victim Types: Bored moms and nice kids 4
(Phlegmatic), lonely singles (Melancholy), poly =
couples and triads (Sanguine). ;
Systems: Make a Dexterity or Charisma + Per-
formance (Dance) roll and apply all successes as
bonus dice to Hunting rolls throughout the night.
in ee .
fa
NIGHT GAME ~ . inn ug
From office-league softball to professional jai ’ -
alai, the real hunt happens off the field, in the i pee by ee | a1 :
bleachers and in the bars afterward. Lots of Le a AR | | :
strangers come together, drink and shout for P [ 7 ms ay r
four hours, and then drift away — you couldn’t hy ae:-- " , i
design a better hunting ground if you tried. ey ) M Se a , t
=
i
= CITIES
Blood and Hu nting : Victim Types: Hardcore fans (Choleric), com-
The Hunting systems on p. 306 provide the basic rules a: ef fortable dates (Sanguine, Phlegmatic)
frameworks to model hunting in a given location or os 4 Systems: Hunting Difficulties at -1. About half
using a specific modus predationis. pee the fans have alcohol in their bloodstream (p.
As noted on p. 196, one dot in Chasse indicates (all x —3 7 310).
else being equal) a Difficulty of 6 for the hunting roll in y
that location. Each additional dot lowers the Difficulty } TT
by 1, but the Storyteller should freely alter these values
depending on the local circumstances. A superstar DJ is = PROTEST
in town, so hunting becomes much easier amid the crowd : ¢ Large anonymous angry crowds can easily turn
of newbies and bridge-and-tunnel geeks. It’s raining hard, 4 ee into rioters, but they begin as lunch. The basic
making hunting hard as well in the thinner, surlier crowd. = situation — close quarters and shared emotion —
Your city’s environment always, always, affects the hunt. applies both to protests and to rallies, and both
5 “ might draw police presence in larger numbers
than you’d like. But that’s why they call it “hunt-
Mapping the Territories ing,” not “dining.”
The Storyteller should design their city for the story, .
not the other way around. Set up domains, hunting » ne Victim Types: Organizers and police narcs
g

--- CHUNK 8 ---
rounds, and other aspects of the vampire ecology to e e: (Phlegmatic), wannabes and activism groupies
drive as much action, plots, and drama as possible. le (Sanguine), passersby (Melancholic), true believ-
Then use the city’s physical aspects to reinforce what ¢ ers (Choleric)
you have already decided. The result: a rich environ- P; # Systems: Heavy police presence (+2 to hunt-
ment for the players to experience, one that supports - ; ing Difficulties) can cancel out the bonus from
the atmosphere you want for your chronicle and pro- x crowds (-2 to hunting Difficulties) unless you can
vides a dynamic setting where things keep happening. trigger some looting or a riot on the other side
To start with, map your local vampire territories as of the crowd as a diversion.
a quirky patchwork of historical accidents, bad policy,
and purposefully divisive leadership. The better the fz ———_ 7 n e
city works, the less conflict — ie., story — you have. a
Infuse your city with as much strife as possible. Per- a STREET FESTIVAL
haps start with method and reason, but leaven it with oe Anything from a rib fest to a funk concert to
selfishness, egomania, arrogance, and greed. Vampires Bes, “ a religious parade to a cannoli contest draws
don't divide turf'to benefit everybody equally, not even the kine out into the street in the warm sum-
Anarchs. Perhaps especially not even Anarchs. Sa mer night. Smoke from grills, noisemakers and
; { sparklers, and happy talk fills the air. Alleys run
k ¥ off the street for privacy, and the crowds keep
MIX DOMAIN TYPES: Mix territorial and abstract . moving so nobody looks at you too long.
domains. ‘The old Prince granted the city center to his
lover a century ago in a desperate attempt to make Victim Types: All types, although the chances
her stay, and she still holds it although that was two of alcohol and weed in the blood go up.
Princes ago. Unfortunately, the new museum got built a Systems: Hunting Difficulties at -2.
in the city center in an urban renewal boondoggle, r
and the chief I larpy claims it by right as the court’s <r
ancestral curator. Meanwhile, the Gangrel who “ranch” ™
the homeless in the city do not care that they camp out
‘ f
327 °
COREBOOK j
Be wt
Se
= 4
wa
in the increasingly deserted city juke joints got homogenized into
center. middle-class housing after WWII
Because abstract domains are or in the 1960s.
not tied to territory, they can eas-
ily get in conflict. A S t
tmosphere

IMPOSE A SYSTEM, THEN BREAK A Vampire city is a world unto ta
it: In their wisdom, the Prince itself. In the shadow of the Second
has decreed that all the Cama- Inquisition, communication be-
rilla clans must have territories tween cities moves slowly and fit-
of equal value. The Seneschal fully, travelling with couriers and
lays them out carefully, and the by physical letters. Most Kindred
Sheriff walks the bounds to en- leave their regnum only with very
sure fairness. The Prince has also good reason. Local Princes, Barons,
decreed that no Malkavian may and strange cults rule their urban
feed or nest anywhere except in demesnes in panic and with ter-
asylums, and he reserves medi- ror, and local variance in Kindred
cal blood banks for his fellow customs is huge.
Ventrue. The resulting sense of What does your city feel like?
grievance and unfairness moti- This ties very closely to the ques-
vates both player characters and tion of what kind of chronicle
supporting characters into all you're running. Ideally, the city
kinds of action. supports the themes and ideas of

your game, providing the appro-
INCLUDE SECRETS: In an Anarch priate backdrop to the dramatic
city, the commune rules that the action. You can approach this in
old abandoned amusement park two ways: take an existing city that
is off limits to all Kindred. W hy? has the right atmosphere or impose
They’re not telling. In another reg- the feeling you want on any city
num, the Prince allows a seemingly you choose.
inconsequential neonate a massive Cons

--- CHUNK 9 ---
ider a tragic game of
personal feeding area, much to the vampire romance in which undead
neonate’s bewilderment. corruption inevitably dooms every

relationship. Why not set it in
INCORPORATE HISTORY: Quirks Paris, the city of love, or Venice,
and curiosities in domain divisions the city doomed to sink into its
can spring from events centuries own filth? Sure, these are clichés,
ago. W hy do the Malkavians have but from the inside, clichés work
a massive territory in the sub- very well.
urbs? The Prince granted them When imposing your own
the domain in 1723 and failed to atmosphere on an existing place,
anticipate the massive expansion it's all about choosing the ele-
the city would experience in the ments you want and sticking with
coming years. What was once a them. Vampire: The Masquerade
prime hunting ground of seedy already does this very effectively in

328
- AES, fi ,
ae ee pee i CITIES
» he | A
i 4 pn —
a. i -= | ;
a é me Hy "a
«t 2 o ig ef Oma.
j oe — Py): 4} ; vl ) 1S Vi ase
fi <_< a a Ba ei ot Hi , me t
ee, a " _— . — a ul BR '
WHAT’S HAPPENING? a 6. Police and intelligence agency operatives have
Something is always happening in the city. cordoned off the area and severely restrict
When the characters go into a location, walk movement through it. Apparently a high-rank-
down the street, or even return to their haven, ing government official from the U.S. or China
enliven things with a nearby event in progress. is going to pass by in a motorcade. Knots
Happenings can be totally unconnected to of protesters gather, but they don’t want to
the characters’ actions, or only reinforce the shoot their wad just yet.
chronicle theme. The city remains alive, even if 7. A party spills out of a bar, lots of shouting
the Kindred are not. and revelry and maybe one or two fights. Is it
game night? A bachelorette party? Whatever
1. City workers and the electric company trucks the reason, music and smoke hover in the air,
sort out a blackout, replacing a blown trans- and Ubers and taxis drop off and pick up all
former, climbing poles, and hopping in and out down the block.
of the access tunnels. 8. A strike stops public transport in the city, leav-
2. A bike messenger collided with a pedestrian. ing people stranded all over the place, trying to
Now the pedestrian is shouting bloody mur- get a taxi, or looking at their cell phones, trying
der. The situation may escalate into violence. to determine a good walking route.
3. Immigration officials raid a building, check- 9. Alocal media frenzy breaks out, with cameras
ing identification papers and hauling off the and lights in the way, cords under foot, and
undocumented in a big paddy wagon. Crowds reporters doing remotes. Maybe a celebrity
gather along with some protesters and TV is visiting the neighborhood to generate
cameras. publicity for a social project or a grisly murder
4. A fire mounts into the night sky. The fire de- has crime reporters hunting for eyewitness
partment parks their massive trucks all over comments.
the place, water rains down, hydrants open 10. A Masquerade breach. People haven’t realized
while people rush to their windows to see what it is yet, but the player characters under-
what’s happening. stand the situation. There’s a corpse drained
5. Unearthly looking models parade under bright of blood, a bestial Gangrel running through a
lights for a photographer and a micro-manag- crowd, or a madman screaming very accurate
ing art director, as a fashion magazine mounts information about the Kindred. The charac-
an outdoor photoshoot. Lighting techs swap ters can react, or just run and hide from the
cigarettes, assistants scurry with lattes and possible response from the Prince, the Second
waters, and someone somewhere has coke. Inquisition, or both.
329
COREBOOK
. ee
one powerful way: virtually every
scene takes place at night. It has an QUICKSTART CITY
in-game cause, but it also ensures You want to play Vampire, not fiddle with urban planning. Let’s get
that players

--- CHUNK 10 ---
 shroud the setting in your city started as fast as possible.
darkness throughout. Step One: Choose a city. Is your hometown a city? Use it! If
More specifically, if you want not, use a famous city that’s easy to fake from pop culture and me-
to underline the corruption and dia: London, New York, Tokyo; or one you have another Vampire
degradation of age, set scenes in book about. Or make up a mid-sized American city that looks like
decaying industrial buildings. Get cities do on television shows filmed in Vancouver.
variety from types: actual ruins and Step Two: Pick a starting milieu. Does the coterie hang out in
blighted brownfields, desperately biker bars or nightclubs? Do they rule the underside of middle-
repurposed lofts and failed renova- class comfort or a public-housing hellscape? Start with those
tions, and still-functioning but locations, in that district; figure out how the Kindred affects things
dilapidated and obsolete factories. there, and how your story’s themes manifest there.
For sadness and loneliness, favor Step Three: Insert your chronicle. Go back to your chronicle
rooftops, eternal rain, and late design for some quick sects play. Did you want a locked-down
night cafes where every patron sits Camarilla city, an Anarch free-for-all, or a town without elders
alone. where it’s every clan for itself? Just quickly sketch where the
Obviously, verisimilitude as power players hang out, and where they might rumble.
much as pacing dictates that you Step Four: Meet the neighbors. Spend a little bit more time with
change up the mood sometimes, the specific corner of the vampire ecosystem the coterie starts out in.
but repeating simple environmen- If they start by tangling with the Brujah, figure out the deal with the
tal motifs effectively builds at- Brujah: where they rule, where they want to rule.
mosphere. Remember, things don't Step Five: Start the game! Build the rest as the players encoun-
always need a rational explanation. ter it, and as you need it.
Why does the Sabbat informant
want to meet the characters in ee
a derelict church? Because they
feel like it and because it works
dramatically. presence, but possibly result in ade becomes harder to break, or
nothing more than militarized gear perhaps it breaks a thousand times
Vampire Parasitism and security kabuki — or in sub as weird blood fashion sweeps the
As the city takes on a character rosa death squads and the actual elites and the clubs. Confusion cre-
of its own in your game, you can Inquisition. If characters Dominate ated by vampiric powers combine
begin depicting itasa living thing. and Blood Bond politicians left with normal human shortsighted-
At first, it doesn’t notice the and right, city government creaks ness and greed to breed strange
infestation within, but as the dam- to a halt as its members service results.
age spreads, the city reacts. Often their addictions instead of serving The reactions of the city do
seemingly unconnected, these reac- the public. Weird laws come down, not have to make things harder for
tions emerge indirectly from the lobbyists get their way, garbage the player characters. Rather, they
damage the Kindred cause in the piles up. reinforce consequences, intended
deep tissues of the urban environ- Ifa famous Kindred celebrity and otherwise. Vampiric meth-
ment. distorts the city’s cultural space, its ods for influencing humanity are
Kindred turf wars or feeding artists and its fans become obses- inherently damaging. Blood Bonds
sprees increase the visible police sive and strange. The Masquer- replace real human emotion with
330
CITIES
m@ Increases the Difficulty of
artificial obsession. Dominate 195). More vampires using the same hunting rolls there by +1, OF
forces mortal free will into a mean- | predation strategy creates a similar | Mm Lowers the effective dots in
ingless, irrational pattern. Pres- effect, as humans subconsciously the domain’s free-range Herds
ence creates strange tropisms and put together the threat

--- CHUNK 11 ---
 pattern and by one
stunted emotions. Victims start to begin their prey response: going
behave in unusual ways as corrup- out less often, or only in groups, or A police crackdown, a Masquerade
tion spreads through the mortal only by daylight. breach, or just a really disastrous
ecosystem. In an over-hunted domain, total failure on a hunting or frenzy
hunting Difficulties increase. roll might also result in similar
OVER-HUNTING: More vampires Even free-range Herds (those the outcomes.
feeding from a domain than it can vampire simply allows to wander An exhausted territory rejuve-
support eventually exhaust the freely on their own) might start nates if left alone for a period of
territory. (The Storyteller decides producing less, as fringe members time determined by the Storyteller:
whether one dot of Chasse sup- stop showing up to the scene or the | three months seems like a good
ports one vampire, three vampires, cult mecting. average. Continuing to hunt in an
or one coterie of vampires with Each vampire over the support- over-hunted territory starts push-
different predation methods; see p. able level for a Domain either: ing it into actual urban decline:
businesses flee the area, housing
values drop, nightclubs close.
: | Mortals seek comfort in church,
J and before you know it the Second
& Inquisition starts to sniff around.
rN abr dtl, Your City
rani anes i Be L494 4 wn ( Legs : with gut reactions, not facts. The
He} 30 a) Tout sy i ae Pah UY y Le facts you can really use are the
A oko ae if ay Teanga WY, iy J AK I Y, ¥ > | ones that help bring attention and
« FRA SY Ne A = REO AY ., ate. 3// focus to the themes of your story.
AS) Diy FA RAIS % re} i We TAY . A city with a high murder rate can
am TUNA 4 wrt \ q Hi d.4 Viil/| provide great context to a story
‘= $ Sey Oo SSS MS 1 “ARE F
RJ iN SIN f, F VA oh Ny >) i Be) oes ey) rN /, about human frailty or wrath, but
Be Wil) ae RG ie ag rch follow that fac
"il i iis 4 mre i SMU Wi ASA you don’t have to follow that fact
S me i ae ae Ay B AH A if a AT any further than you want to. If
; Bes y)/s4.) t Ls 4 ig SST Ly Aas! the crime stats say most of those
i DY = Oe ahd A Pe g ee J
foe Meo » pS a. § ar ha ie ie murders are drug related, but you
ce Fe Ae 7 . % 4 want them to spring from police-
3 4 SS ‘ b\ 7 Up & on-gang warfare to create a back-
: y Py ‘@ od drop of factional battle in your
ta chronicle, do that. Facts provide a
starting place for drama. They can
331
COREBOOK ¥ \
x\'
\\
: = — i
_- = = 4
= z : 7
| gg > T Otar - ‘
" wy
y oe ir
~ at ‘Se ’ 4
= = !
_ "
h ,
u
we
whe
‘a
*,-
BS
The more you know, the crazier you think. Our is a world of cabals , os
d B J Ye
within conspiracies hidden inside intrigue sealed by perfidy and '
wrapped in betrayal and treachery. 2)
Yi
a
ji
make a story feel realistic — the The fact is that there are most game. Even when a city is beauti-
only kind of realism that matters likely no vampires in any cities in ful, it is high contrast and washed
in the game — or they can spoil the real life, but you don’t let that stop out, fogged by rain and sparkling
g 2 P fe 2 fe
aura of mystery. you. Use only the data that inspire like broken glass — pretty the way
Drama outweighs fidelity. and let the rest fall into the deep the bare and beaten wood behind
You're not delivering a report on background. Maybe your so-called waterlogged old wallpaper is.
§ & ye) fe
Karachi, you're dramatizing a story “facts” are just a comforting cover-
set there. The play’s the thing, up the government or the chamber
so don’t fret details that will not of commerce promulgates to keep A City of Districts
enrich your story. A city’s first jobs business and tourists coming. To bring the city alive in your
in Vampire is to facilitate play, re- Maybe the Ventrue have distorted chronicle, create and portray mem-
inforce the mood and atmosphere the record or the Malkavians dis- orable locations. When the players
you are after, and alter the play dy- torted historians’ memories or the b

--- CHUNK 12 ---
elieve in and understand the city,
namic in new ways, as mentioned Nosferatu sacred architects literally their characters’ battle for territory
earlier. You do not owe the city altered the facts on the ground. or search for safety takes on inter-
anything. It shouldn’t matter if you Finally, this is the World est and dimension. To enable this,
get street names and demographics of Darkness. It’s not flattering. break the city down into manage-
wrong. If the facts contradict your No city looks good through the able, distinct parts that each have
drama, change them. cracked and smoky lens of this their own separate characteristics.
CITIES
ee .
The city comprises many form the bigger conglomerate. Public
SITES districts: downtown, the docks, transit hubs, government buildings,
Real cities tend to have and so forth. Each district does sometimes office buildings and
landmarks that have come something in the life of the city and museums sit here. Some downtowns
to define them. Make sure in the game. Districts vary in size, empty out at night; others remain
that if you create a city from a few blocks to whole swaths residential, even high-end. In Hel-
of your own, it has a few of the city. A district may equal one sinki or Paris, city center real estate
of these as well. Rio de domain (especially a high-Chasse is extremely desirable, and rents re-
Janeiro features beaches domain) or contain three or four flect that. In Brussels or Detroit, the
like Ipanema, Barcelona small domains warring over common rich live in suburbs; the city center is
has Sagrada Familia. Other resources — this depends on the affordable — or dead.
landmarks might be ge- Prince’s notion of how big a domain Capital cities hold embassies,
neric: the used bookstore, should be and on the Storyteller’ which tend to accumulate in specific
the dance hall. concept of territorial conflict in areas. Large cities have consulates,
The coterie’s domain their game. similarly. Embassy Row provides
usually has at least one Crossing district boundaries endless story hooks to its tiny pieces
site. The site may be the changes the feel of the story, even if of foreign soil: diplomacy, cultural
center of the domain, one it’s just going from a neighborhood exchange, Ventrue from out of
feature of it, or the whole with lots of cops to one with only town and exiles from Anarch cities.
thing. With a site in your the occasional prowl car. However, Individual embassies might be small,
domain, you can often for the darkness to really have an ef- friendly townhouses or enormous
reap benefits from it: use fect, it pays to include some positive compounds like the US Embassy.
the back room, crouch on things as well. The shadows seem Embassies of rogue states like North
the roof, even keep your deeper after you light a candle. Korea may host criminal activity,
haven there. Sites can af- Most cities have a downtown and all embassies host spies.
fect rolls — a library gives area or a city center. A big urban Many cities have both old and
more dice to an Academics area might have several — the Lille new areas. Stockholm’s Gamla
pool, for example. You can metropolitan area in northern stan features picturesque buildings
also harvest blood from France comprises towns such as Rou- and winding streets. Buenos Aires’
the site and often count baix and Tourcoing that together Puerto Madero gleams on the
on specific Resonances and
even low-level bonuses .
from it rather than figure \ EF
out specific Dyscrasias for )
each night’s hunt. \ J
ss,
If the Storyteller wants N mM ‘
to use a site this way, they un ‘)
define the Resonance and ! iS " Fe
possible bonuses the site’s S / A 5
habitués provide. wn
ee
333
COREBOOK
e e
Hitting the wesw
ry The character needs to find something and they can’t
just pay someone to hit the Internet for them. Espe-
cially in the World of Darkness, cities don’t make find-
re eC S ing out where the bodies are buried or who holds the
levers of power very easy. The paper chase involv

--- CHUNK 13 ---
es
running down county files, assessor’s plats, property
Characters wrest information from the city in many deeds, probate inventories, forensic accounting, bap-
ways, from newspapers to contacts to omens. But tismal records, or something else written down and
often, they find themselves hitting the streets to find immediately piled up for filing much later.
something or someone, and sometimes what some- Government buildings are only open during the day,
one — or Something — doesn’t want them to find. which means there might be some breaking and enter-
These feats take Resolve: just plugging away, never ing or some judicious use of Influence to have a door
losing focus, staying on track and on point. All of them left unlocked. Court records and tax files may well be
can play as extended tests (p. 293) or just take an sealed, officially. The actual paper chase depends on
hour for each failed die rolled in the pool. Resolve + Investigation.
For these kinds of feats especially, Contacts can truly
come into their own. If the player has defined a contact SCROUNGING
useful in the specific investigation, the Storyteller may The character needs to find a thing. Not a unique
allow them to add that Contact’s dots to the dice pool. thing, but something more specific than just “a
soda.” Scrounging isn’t just shopping, though it
LEGWORK might involve knowing that one botanica with the
The character criss-crosses the city, knocking on really good vervain and High John de Conquer floor
doors and prying into conversations. Perhaps they’re wash. Alchemists always need to scrounge up weird
trying to find a witness or a runaway or someone else ingredients, but everything’s a weird ingredient at
who doesn’t want to be found. Maybe they’re just three in the morning.
looking for a fence or a chop shop in a strange neigh- Build scrounging pools with Resolve and the rel-
borhood or trying to figure out where gang turf begins evant Skill for the thing you’re scrounging for. Looking
and maybe who decides that question. They could be for ritual ingredients? Resolve + Occult. Alchemical
just asking around to find out if anyone heard anything compounds? Resolve + Science (Chemistry). One
weird two nights ago. specific designer drug? Resolve + Streetwise. A 2008
Use Resolve + Streetwise for feats of legwork, un- Peugeot? Resolve + Drive. Bullets for a materiel rifle?
less they’re looking for something that doesn’t move Resolve + Firearms. You may need to build a separate
or hide, like a building or a set of the marks, in which Larceny pool to obtain what you find with Scrounging
case use Resolve + Awareness. Once they find the if the store’s closed or its owner just doesn’t want you
person, that’s when the other Social tests come out. tohaveit
= 18
: y Lt j 4 oy
334
CITIES
waterfront, all shining glass and stereotypes from The Wire or play For example, a chronicle set in
steel and modern art. Cities change against them: tightly knit favela Paris with non-French players can
and grow enormously over the communities in Rio de Janeiro keep things abstract and tour-
centuries — an older vampire may keep crime against their residents isty. You know the Marais for its
find the modern city a bewildering far less common than on tourist nightlife (hunting Difficulty 3), so
place, and stay in the Old Town as beaches like Copacabana. you make it hotly contested among
much as possible. Gentrification Look at real cities, and you the Kindred, changing lords all the
changes neighborhoods and drives can see these patterns repeating; time. However, it’s high profile,
out old populations with higher study them to get a sense of how so a total failure on a hunting roll
rents; it also might discomfit a your city operates. Of course, some results in a big Masquerade breach.
Brujah elder who entered torpor cities break the rules. Detroit is You want mortal politics to
ina factory district and wakes up the city in the process of being play a role, and the Axe Histo-
surrounded b

--- CHUNK 14 ---
y hipster bistros. dismantled: its downtown features rique from La Defense to the

Consider the city's logistics: shining skyscrapers, abandoned Arc de Triomphe to the Louvre
no city feeds itself, so they all have wrecks, and empty fields cheek by symbolizes that well with its
docks, rail yards, and warehouses jowl. Meanwhile, the government monumental architecture. All
covering acres of real estate. The builds Ashgabat, the capital of rolls related to political maneu-
Port of Antwerp or Navi Mum- Turkmenistan, under extremely vering there geta two-dice bo-
bai form vast cities within cities strict architectural controls. An nus. A “realistic” rule might hold
in themselves, but every city has aesthetically uniform space city in that the large police presence
somewhere with more goods white and gold rises on the steppe, there increases hunting Difficul-
and rail cars than eyewitnesses. with a populace cowed by secret ties in the Axe I listorique. But
Industrial areas often go hand in police and hoping for jobs. a “symbolic” tule implies that
hand with the city's logistics hubs. mortal power and Kindred feed-
After all, stuff needs to go in and GAMING THE CITY: As you sketch ing have much in common, and
out of the factory as efficiently as out your city, assign mechanical lower hunting Difficulties there
possible. The Port of Antwerp has characteristics to districts and instead.
chemical refineries literally on the whole regions as you see fit. You Camarilla vampires find
pier just for this reason. are a Storyteller, nota municipal themselves at a disadvantage in

So where do the people live in official. Your system for breaking the Anarch banlicues around the
your city? Residential and subur- down the city only needs to follow city: they suffer a two-dice pen-
ban areas come in many flavors, the logic of your chronicle. alty to all social and mental rolls,
often following class lines. The You don’t have to game out and a one-die penalty on physical
wealthy live in enclaves, the middle every district to give the city’s re- rolls so far out of their comfort
class in vast suburbs, and the poor gions their own rules feel. It makes zone. In an Anarch chronicle,
in slums and shoddily constructed no sense to expend your efforts you might simply reverse these
tenements. In some cities, the coming up with local mechanics numbers, or give each banlieue
classes separate; in Kolkata, a for places the characters will never its own specific effect to dif-
squatter shack may sit just a few visit. Remember that the bonuses ferentiate them in your players’
meters from a mansion’s gates. and penalties you come up with for minds. But both sides venerate
Residential areas tend to be large, a particular place don’t have to be the Sacré-Coeur atop Montmar-
but also uniform. They also tend to realistic. These tools exist to shape tre; all rolls related to diplomacy
shut down at night. Just use what the game in a certain configura- between Kindred geta two-dice
you need, and leave the mortals tion. It’s all about the specific bonus, and it’s a respected long-
to slumber in the rest. Play into needs of your chronicle. standing Elysium a

335
Ss «je? aid abe, ‘ay hl, Cie ae BES Yad fii Pe 24 é ul “. ei .
aT 1S Se Sea Sa ae ue ee # oy es ee ENG fy ES %
: fe SR f- 9 sana a a ee / 4 ee
7 Pea “hebes ee é PAL ae S See op tales Mee emis te a sft
os iffy es RIS go ee Ae Pilipinas ae
; MISE Mig i ae sae a os eas
ai, Re 2S ficfh) Urea eit Meek ye ey so Ce RS AMR Di SE eae
ty! ies BS BR sa Me yhee Boe. rae, 68 AL OS Sea tex 5 ee teas s
; \ ae ay eek ee 45 ax Ms ae See Regge eg BW i
ped ite ey EUS URE 7: SIO ca CAS: ee Mia 5 ae eer ee
; - by | Rage ns teria! Y
« ey oe 4 Qf said > ie
5s Ma >
ft .) 4 “ . : :
“
336
CHRONICLES
44, fit
/ Zon 4 wre
1 log "5s cn s. he
ae " . Lo Gf / o /
. a re 2 pore De” J “¢@ vay oS Y
Le ter SON ee .
~_. ae Cee iN
: 2 . | . .
. oan . I could a tale unfold whose lightest word
eo. ® Y |. Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood,
-

--- CHUNK 15 ---
 _ Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres,
a - Thy knotted and combined locks to part
os And each particular hair to stand on end,
Like quills upon the fretful porpentine.
- WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, THE TRAGEDY OF HAMLET
verybody in a game of Vampire shares the . .
same goal to play a good, interesting game | Planning a Chronicle
together. The players and the Storyteller The first thing you need is a concept. What is your
collaborate in creating a shared experience. chronicle about? Who are the characters and what do
The Storyteller provides the world, the supporting they do? What is the experience you wish to build?
characters, and external events. The players each por- For example, your concept could be a group of An-
tray a character who lives in this world and interacts archs seeking to depose a corrupt baron who secretly
with the Storyteller’s creations and the other player serves the Camarilla. The chronicle is about creating
characters. political change. The characters can be created very
While the player has to create a character, the differently, but the important thing is that they should
Storyteller has a much more daunting task: to create an want to do this. The experience of the chronicle is
entire chronicle. And then run it. about the danger, hope, excitement, and the ambition
of deposing a ruler.
337
COREBOOK
Concepts can vary wildly in interpersonal relationships. This
style and substance. There is no co-created cast of characters is a
right or wrong way to play Vam- great resource to make sure you all
pire. If the chronicle works for you Po care about the chronicle from the
and the players, all is good. get-go. The players helped create
Another example of a con- THE DEFAULT these people, and their Kindred
cept would be a chronicle about CHRONICLE have strong relationships to them,
the slow erosion of humanity as This is your first Vampire so they are already invested in
the characters go deeper into the game, or maybe you just them.
inhuman world of the Camarilla. want to get on with it. When planning a chronicle
They start young and hopeful, Here is a basic concept for before character creation begins, it
traumatized by the Embrace but what a chronicle can be: is a smart move to use some place-
seemingly fitting in at the Elysium. The characters are holder names and descriptions
As the game proceeds, they find young vampires in your for several of your key characters “
that success and dehumanization home city. Maybe they and then later switch them out for ¥
often go hand in hand. Their pow- are already undead when characters from the relationship
ers grow, and their connections to the game starts, or they map. This method is also easily
their old lives wither away. A game could be Embraced in the applicable to customize published
like this can be contemplative first session. The city has stories.
and deliberately paced, with long a Camarilla elite and an An-
conversational scenes about the arch underclass into which TT pe $$
characters’ various circumstances. the characters automati- EXAMPLE:
As a very different kind of cally belong. You're planning a noir-style
a Vampire game, the characters The first sessions are murder mystery chronicle sec in the
could also be a team of archons all about acclimatizing to Camarilla city of St. Petersburg,
sent to the Middle East to try vampiric existence. The an ancient domain full of betrayal
to navigate the Gehenna War in characters hunt, deal with and hidden agendas. The inciting
search of an elder who disappeared the remnants of the mortal incident is the destruction of an in-
with essential information about lives they left behind, fluential Camarilla Kindred by her
the Camarilla’s political and fi- and try to survive simple close friend — another Primogen.
nancial assets. Without the elders, challenges presented by The crime is covered up asa Second
nobody knows how the machine is Camarilla authorities and Inquisition attack, leading the
supposed to wor

--- CHUNK 16 ---
k, dealing a blow the Second Inquisition. player characters on a dangerous
to the sect's power and influence. As the game progress- chase for clues until they discover
es, the focus increasingly the identity of the killer, just before
turns to finding a place for they strike again.
themselves in the world of As you run character creation,
Using the the dead. Do the charac- you inform the players that St. Pe-
Relationship Map ters want to ascend to the tersburg is the setting and for your
Camarilla or foment rebel- chronicle to work, they need to be a
During character creation you lion with the Anarchs? Camarilla coterie based in the city.
create a custom Relationship Map ‘They then progress to create their
that features the player char- roles and the relationship map.
acters, their sires, touchstones, After character creation is done,
allies, enemies, and their various you switch out the first victim from
338
CHRONICLES
£ unknown Kindred commander who
- communicates with them by possess-
ing a ghoul singer-songwriter when-
2 ever he goes on stage. The Storyteller
s - has no idea where this is going, but
i] since the players seem fired up by
bd f the idea, she goes with it.
: #; One player gives their character
Cok the Bahari lore sheet merit Ritual
Scarification, another picks a three
ear ! dot Camarilla adversary and names
so) Ih! her “Akalia.” The Storyteller sees an
Fh, |: _ ; } . i opportunity to get some structure and
y} J : i ~ acore conflict into this potentially
, 7 Aa . . .
4 ‘ ' 4 free-floating chronicle. She decides
} | ( " } 4 4 that the commander is a Bahari her-
' etic and freedom fighter, imprisoned
by Akalia, who becomes an old-school
4 i) ‘ Cainite preacher in San Jose.
During the first few sessions, the
' singer instructs the coterie to strike
against patriarchal Camarilla oppres-
sors and secret worshippers of Caine,
but then the Storyteller has the singer
kidnapped by one of Akalia’s congre-
your story with one of the player for stories will inevitably occur to gations in Kentucky. After a daring
characters’ sires, the killer wich you. Write them down and base rescue from the Creationist Museum,
another’s mentor, and during the your pre-chronicle work on these he comes back different. The targets
chronicle the killer will threaten the notes. This method makes for a have changed. After a few strikes
lives of a third player character's truly emergent chronicle, where against Anarch bands, the player
Touchstone. almost all the characters involved characters realize that it is no longer
are drawn directly from the rela- the commander who communicates
Tr pine tionship map and the coterie and through the singer. Only when he en-
Ifyou wait with detailed chroni- background choices the players gages in self-harm (a Bahari practice)
cle and story creation until after have made. is the commander able to reach com-
“session zero,” the table will have municate through him. The coterie
done a lot of your work for you. Tp now has their work cut out for them
You might even want to tell the EXAMPLE: trying to trick Akalia into revealing
players this is what you are doing A group of players create a nomadic her location, probably by interacting
— the sense of feeling included in Anarch gang roaming from town with her while she possesses the singer,
chronicle creation is empowering to town in the American Midwest, until they finally get to the climactic
and exciting to many groups of masquerading as a country music showdown where they free the Bahari
players. As the table co-creates the festival. After some bickering, the heretic and destroy Akalia.
social (and perhaps also the physi- players decide they are a unbound
cal) setting, ideas and possibilities “commando coterie,” working for an Tr pts
339
COREBOOK
ee
Styles of Play CHRONICLE: INHERITORS
So, Vampire is a roleplaying game in which joyless OF THE ILLUMINATI
monsters wrestle with morality in the shadows of suit- The coterie has been chosen, or even created,
ably goth

--- CHUNK 17 ---
ic architecture. Right? to guard the legacy of an elder of the Camarilla
Well, it can be. But it can be fun too. as she is called into the Middle East by the
Past editions described Vampire: The Masquerade Beckoning. On her travels she will meet the
as a “Gothic-Punk” game. Punk is still as good a word Ancients and learn untold secrets, at least if
as any to describe the sordid, transgressive joy of play- she makes it through the crucible of the Sab-
ing in a good Vampire game. But Vampire can accom- bat’s Gehenna Crusade. While she is gone the
modate many different play styles, and they are all coterie has been empowered to claim her vote
valid, as long as everyone in the game has a good time. in the Primogen Council, and they may choose
You can explore lots of interesting things in a role- to run her empire as they see fit. They have
playing game, even if — especially if — you would never vast resources at their disposal but all of Kin-
in a million years want to do them in real life. Do you dred society is envious of them, waiting for the
want to hit on that intense, unbalanced psycho dude, smallest mistake to tear them to shreds. What
crash a wedding to hunt for blood, and end up hiding in the elder never told them is that they are
a dumpster to escape the deadly rays of the sun? Those inheriting her enemies as well as her influence.
things can be great fun in a Vampire game, especially as They will have to use all of their combined
your character suffers the consequences and not you. smarts and powers to survive their inheritance.
Miserable premises for a coterie of vampires The coterie’s mortal cover is likely to be a
can act as springboards for action-oriented games. major company, an estate, a hospital, a univer-
The characters are hoodies, thugs, and drug dealers sity, or a hotel.
Embraced in a series of sordid accidents. They know This is the chronicle for those who want to
nothing about the World of Darkness and must learn begin near the top and (probably) have to fight
to deal with their new vampiric nature, fight against tooth and nail to not come crashing down as
mortal rivals, and try to navigate the lethal night of the their empire is besieged.
Camarilla. Or perhaps they are the progeny of ancient,
immensely powerful vampire lords and ladies, inducted
straight into the royalty of Kindred society. Stuck with -
overprotective, controlling sires, they can act out to a
their hearts’ content, taking crazy risks to assert their
independence. /; a
At an extreme, a Vampire game can resemble 3
cyberpunk or even splatterpunk. The characters oper- yy.
ate ina city defined by monolithic shadows, walking as” P= . 5
the border between moral and supernatural law in e “ x )
a neo-feudal society of humanoid monsters increas- f oni i - f
ingly influenced by technological advances and mass € ah 4 4 s
hysteria. You could do worse than watch Blade Runner » _ vf Y a
as inspiration for a game like this. And if you want to o y f 4 ‘
crack skulls, there will be plenty of opportunity to do f A p .
that when the Second Inquisition calls a SWAT team ; ’ a
ona Brujah hideout, and the characters have to fight to y 7 f] ad
extricate themselves before sunrise. a °
@
\
‘
2
340
CHRONICLES
ee Secrets Within Secrets
CHRONICLE: JUDGEMENT NIGHT The World of Darkness is a world of secrets. As a
You play the Sheriff’s brood, the scourge’s elite mortal, the first inkling of the true nature of the world
anti-Anarch troops, Ventrue enforcers, or any comes when you start to grasp that everything is not as
other self-styled or official group of Camarilla you once believed. This is not just a question of para-
soldiers. Your characters could be a task force sitic monsters infesting human institutions. Human
created to oppose the Second Inquisition in the society has its own hidden agendas, and sometimes
field or through infiltration of mortal intel- there is not much difference between a secret society
ligence agencies or even an elder’s personal of humans

--- CHUNK 18 ---
 and one of vampires.
squad of bodyguards fighting in the Gehenna A Vampire game of secrets is a game where
War. the truth is always a little different than you first
Whatever the history, the coterie’s role is expected. The elders who hate each other are actu-
that of an undead intelligence or para-military ally lovers. The kindly old man who lives across the
operation, and the stories you tell will test the street from your childhood home is alone because he
characters against both monstrous creatures suffocated his wife and children 4o years ago, and no
and innocents who are just trying to get by. one ever found out. The Ventrue proudly exclaim-
Will they be protectors or oppressors? Heroes ing that they control the inner workings of Parlia-
or villains? ment fail to rival the influence exerted by massive
The key to this kind of chronicle lies in corporations like Amazon.
moral ambiguity and hard choices. The char- There is always more to every story, and when
acters’ mortal cover could be very similar to you play in a Vampire game, you are invited to join
what they really are — a paramilitary group, secret societies within secret societies. The first
security company, or even a police department and most obvious of these is the world of vampires.
(for hiding in plain sight), but Kindred law is When you have been Embraced into a clan, you are
not mortal law and a criminal gang, terrorist introduced to an unknown and convoluted world
group, or even a night-open church could just nestled deep within the one you once knew. Many
as well be the front for this coterie. other revelations follow.
Navigating this landscape is part of the joy of
playing Vampire. During the first session of your
game, the characters may be Embraced into the
Brujah and the Gangrel. They experience the world
of vampires as squatting in warehouses, dilapidated
: : buildings, raves, and dodgy bars. As they discover
pe _ more of the World of Darkness, they are inducted
a y into another level of Kindred society: the elysiums
of the Camarilla. They see vampires in boardrooms
J —_— ‘ — - ' and fashion shows. Suddenly power does not mean
\ 7 y ; the strength to rip off the head of your enemy but
the ability to make sure your financial holdings
t remain exempt from taxation.
Q y ee y 3 Of course, you can flip this. If the characters start
Vee? in the lap of luxury, the energetic and transgressive
world of the Anarchs can be exciting and fresh, a secret
eet = they can become part of.
%
SS |
341
= / “ne ~~ eZ i -* Vicy = , 4 !

 « _ AID ie “. " the i af c =) A
ye ee i Bee
at’ ge 4 7" oay : A - ee Por
+ eR Bil - ane ZB Ee j Gf, “hp Sn
Gl! fs = oe ° EZ ¥f VY Ys Vi ‘_ yer ¥ :

r sinh ! 4 i i ;
a if oGay Wy i s = - « Ts
= 2 ai |, M/] a 4
CHRONICLES
f ies
Wei
iz |
Irreconcilable Differences of balanced moral reflection. If they geta little space
. The World of Darkness can be expressed as irreconcil- to breathe, they can think about the consequences of
esl able tensions between forces tearing into different their actions.
i i directions. Human morality and intellect striving to Say one of the characters murders a human in a back
control the basic violent urges of the Blood inside alley behind a bar one night while feeding. The characters
an define the personality of a vampire. This tension can dispose of the corpse but you as the Storyteller feel the
"y = never truly be resolved, and it guides the vampire’s ac- death should have more heft. The characters have not
ui tions throughout their existence. killed so far, so it should feel like something.
ane “ The conflicting interests of humans and vam- So, a couple of nights later, the characters are hunt-
- 2 pires create further tension. Perhaps a character is an ing at the same bar when the dead man’s sister comes
=* , idealistic Brujah, a political activist in their human in. She chats up the characters and finally asks about
: days. They seek to use their vampiric powers to further her brother. It is clear she poses n

--- CHUNK 19 ---
o danger to the char-
; the goals they fought for in life, but after a few initial acters. She is not going to become a hunter and try to
, successes, they realize that the things that are good for kill them. She will not even find out what happened to
af humans are not necessarily good for vampires. Desper-
be rs ate and harried humans are easier to hunt, while a Po
ww me functional society is better at detecting the invisible
I threats within, FUN WITH EVIL
ep. It is good to keep tension in mind when planning Maybe you are making a game where the idea
your own World of Darkness. It cannot be unrelenting- is just to have fun playing terrible monsters.
ly grim, with no light whatsoever. Pure horror means The characters are selfish, murderous assholes
| oe that evil starts to lose its significance. When everybody who damage and degrade everything around
| i oe is a monster, nobody is a monster. them. In a game like this, you have to pay at-
7 tention to how you present the consequences
ay ‘a EXAMPLE: of the characters’ actions.
6 lI i A junkie enslaved by a character to be a Blood It is pointless to start guilt tripping the
: addicted servant does his best to take care of the players for playing the game you set up. It’s not
people around him, despite his circumstances. A vindic- fun to play a monster if you have to keep look-
tive Anarch revolutionary spares the life of the Prince's ing your victims in the eye. The simplest way
childe because she realizes that the childe is a victim to avoid unnecessary guilt trips is to make the
too.A Camarilla functionary tries to assuage her guilty victims of your characters really unsympathet-
conscience by secretly diverting the Prince's funds into ic. Perhaps they are wealthy Ventrue neonates
urban renewal projects. who sneer and belittle the characters at every
turn, only to start a tantrum when things fail to
. The job of a Storyteller or a player is not to morally go their way.
uid judge the characters in the game. Vampire works best in a However, maybe you do want to home in
4 world where everything is in shades of grey and there is a to the consequences of the characters’ actions
little bit of a sinner in everyone. While the characters can every now and then. If the characters are un-
1=P; have moral opinions inside the story, you get more play repentant monsters, you can highlight this by
ae from them if you let them act according to their person- making some of their victims act like heroes.
alities, motivations, and personal logic. They can dedicate their lives to good or for-
; If you want to give the characters a chance to give the characters for their actions, revealing
reflect, you can adjust how vulnerable their circum- them to be the sordid creeps they are.
stances make them. If they are constantly cornered
i] ’ and fighting for their lives, they do not have the luxury ee
ata. 8
| a
343
COREBOOK
. ee
her brother if the characters do not
tell her. She is just an ordinary hu- CHRONICLE: HUNTING PARTY
man being, hurting from a tragedy In the age of the Second Inquisition, hunting is complicated. Many
caused by a player character. Kindred have discovered that hunting in a group, approaching
scoring blood like a confidence trick, a heist, or a kidnapping
makes things a whole lot safer. Crews who master a variety of
Symbolism methods of hunting are even hired by elders and other Kindred to
Vampires are fictional monsters cre- bring them specific prey or set up a safe feeding that inspires the
ated to tell stories about different correct Resonance in the victim.
themes. In Bram Stoker’s Dracula, Some hunting parties include a Tremere Blood Sorcerer or a
the vampire represents the seduc- duped or enslaved thin-blood blood-cooker who can preserve the
tive allure of something dangerous resonance of the blood long after it has been drained and enter
and foreign. You could even say the the cut-throat world of the blood trade. Hunting parties inspire
vampire is about sex. In the classic

--- CHUNK 20 ---
 stories of daring heists and high-stakes seductions in the search for
movie Nosferatu, the vampire is a the perfect blood, but also messy, fucked up stories of dehuman-
metaphor for infectious disease, izing treatment of mortals.
infesting a town like the plague. A hunting-focused chronicle will involve heavy interactions
It helps to bring your with mortal society.
chronicle to focus if you consider
what the vampire means in your FFT
game. Vampire: The Masquerade
provides a framework for a wide aoe et ee
variety of interpretations: a “af ME a
2 5 “97?
If you want to make a politi- able men and women in far-away ag ~ Lo ee
cal game, the vampire is a simple rooms directing their drone 8 “e ested ‘ i
and effective metaphor. They fleets to bomb weddings and . no. e aim > é y 9
can represent capitalism, the funerals. They can be fascism, Wie? ~ Dp
super-rich, political corruption, the imposition of order through u . SA. ee é ‘ :
and private interests controlling pure will. 2 ae pis 4 Oe
society from the shadows. History in general can be your P ee : ‘6 tS .
You can make the vampire theme, and the vampire the tool : .
a metaphor for conservatism, you use to explore it. Vampires .
describing the old Kindred as rel- live forever, so you can start in
ics still clinging to their medieval the Middle Ages and work your
worldviews. This theme can also way towards modernity.
be explored from the angle of If you choose to make the
intellectual history, underlining vampire about sex, you will i
how differently people used to also have plenty of angles of ae
see the world in the past. approach. They can be a trans- y f S =
The vampire can be a meta- gressive object of desire or they [| i a
phor for colonialism, a foreign can represent exploitation and At
invader sucking the lifeblood unequal power relationships, the | >
out of a society and forcing its loss of control in the face of lust, > WA
people to become servants. They the secret fantasies we can only oi ge
can be war, the story of comfort- achieve with strangers.
344
CHRONICLES
The vampire —atranshuman Motivat ion and C sroup their personal issues, your game
being, postmortal and postmoral Dynamics will crash.
— can transcend gender and . Another thing to consider is
socially imposed structures of There is a couple of simple things group dynamics. Simply put, all
society. They can be a perfect au- you can keep an eye on when the the player characters should want
tonomous agent, imposing their players are creating characters to to hang around with each other.
will and world-view on their make sure that the chronicle will If they do not, your game will
surroundings. They can represent work. First, all characters should constantly be pulling into sepa-
the need for redemption, perhaps want to do the things they will be rate individual directions. Maybe
through Golconda. They can be doing in the game. This may sound they are friends or share a lot of
a Satanist ideal, with no regrets. simple, but experience suggests common history. They could have
They can seek to regain their lost that it may go wrong if you don’t been Embraced at the same time.
humanity by engaging with sci- pay attention. Whatever it is, if character motiva-
ence, fashion, and magic, looking For example, you want to tion is in line with the design of
forward instead of backward. The make a combat-focused game your chronicle, your life will be
vampire can be everything you where Anarch revolutionaries much easier.
secretly long for and the fear that battle the forces of the Camarilla You should also pay attention
follows when you get it and real- in the streets. For this to work, all to the individual goals characters
ize it was not what you expected characters must be motivated and come up with. For example, if'a
at all. able to fight in the streets. If they player decides that their character
are non-combatants focused on wants to take care of their sick
me ai
pay . +
as *¢, a 4 ° « ed
me % 2 ee ~~ ez eG
AT Ay eh Re, K

--- CHUNK 21 ---
 af Sis Tal ee” a Ce,
som ok 3 - . oie - 2 ? = a es aay
cae.” =e . by ni < . o 4 a - "2 sds *. ¢
* COS S " ‘ i . we. ee : ‘ ¢ “ ~~» ®@
re WR ae 3 . BNA? ean Ae, ae ; °° ae i Sa mm,
mw 6 sew Ry x p xe ao d \ we! wr a a <, ac - we :
‘@ > ne : 4 a
~—_ -™ Vit ~
e » }
. | a RB >
9 4 A 2.
——" - ud} 2. _
345
COREBOOK
|
CHRONICLE: FANG GANG CHRONICLE: NOMADS
Whether your coterie rolls with MS-13 affili- No city is your home. Travel and Anarchs have
ates, outlaws, Tottenham fans, or a black bloc a long history, and with the influx of many
antifa group, they hide in plain sight. They are Gangrel into the movement, nomadic vampires
members or even leaders of a group outside are more common than ever. Tonight over 23
society and the law. By attaching themselves million people are fleeing war and persecu-
to predators, their behavior is much harder tion in their home countries, and there are
to spot for the Inquisition but if their gang many vampires moving across Europe and Asia
includes mortals, they have their work cut out attached to these ever-growing throngs of
for them. The player characters can choose web-designers and mothers and chefs look-
to make their mortal allies Blood addicts, pay ing for a future, constantly shuffled between
them off, or meticulously keep the Masquer- refugee camps and temporary solutions. In
ade in front of them. No matter what they do, other parts of the world, subcultures like the
there will be problems, drama, and tragedy. New Age Travellers and the Roma are on the
Hopefully, the benefits outweigh the dangers. move constantly, as are bands, truckers, and
A fang gang is a great coterie for taking a backpackers. The coterie is disguised as one of
deep look into life on the outside using real these moving social groups, or perhaps exists
world source material. A wealth of information within it.
and even video interviews with gang members Nomad chronicles are good for telling sto-
is available online. ries about escaping something (perhaps one-
A gang coterie does not have to be violent. self), xenophobia, and freedom and are useful
Perhaps the player characters are posing as for exploring many different cities and perhaps
a group of card-skimmers, burglars, or quiet nations and their varied and bizarre Kindred
dealers working in gated communities or with societies — kind of like a travel show where
the Burner scene. every destination wants to kill and enslave you.
|
mother, that could be a problem leading the group to broad outline which will then adapt to what happens
have to go deep underground to infilerate the Cama- in the game.
rilla of another city. Individual goals are great, but they Let’s say you are planning a ten-session chronicle
should pull in the general direction of the chronicle, about young neonates in a Camarilla city. The first
not against it. three or four games can be about exploring the setting
and getting to know the different factions, as well as
trying out the systems Vampire provides for play.
Structure When the chronicle is running comfortably, you
No chronicle lasts forever. It can be three sessions, can up the stakes by introducing external threats,
twenty, ora hundred, but eventually all things must surprising power plays, important new supporting
end. When you are planning your chronicle consider characters, and other developments around the fourth
how long you wish it to run for and what the general session. Maybe an elder departs for the Gehenna War
structure should look like. This does not mean that and inexplicably decides to make the haven of one of
you have to make an exact timetable of everything for the characters into an Elysium, promoting the charac-
the next twenty sessions. Rather, you can sketch out a ter into the Keeper.
346
CHRONICLES
| AAD
ran peo 3h
e
66
q 6S
| cvavauee ,
eer”

This middle section of the chronicle will feature a a very long chronicle will benefit from a broad idea
more active stance on the part of the characters. They about how things will e

--- CHUNK 22 ---
nd. For example, your chronicle
now have some resources and influence and can start is about characters who fight the dirty politics of the
making plans of their own. The players will also have Camarilla to take over the city. The game ends when
gotten more used to how the game works and be more one of them becomes the Prince, whether this takes
comfortable taking initiative. five sessions or fifty.

The general rule about structure is that the Having an ending in mind will also help you avoid
longer the campaign, the vaguer your plans will making a chronicle which will just fizzle out. A chronicle
necessarily have to be. A ten-session chronicle can is almost always more satisfying witha proper ending.
be sketched out, but if you are going to run the When you consider what kind of ending you want,
game for years, it might be better to think about try to avoid ones that leave no agency for the char-
themes and subject matter rather than specific story acters. If the chronicle ends the same way no matter
beats. The chaos of a good game will change so many what the players do, something is wrong. For example,
things that sticking to an original plan will probably if your game is set to end when the elders come back
not work. from the Gehenna War and kill everybody, the events

leading up to that ending will have been meaningless.

But if the elders come back and the characters get
The End the opportunity to either welcome them or renounce
You don’t have to plan a specific ending for it, but even them, the ending will be much more meaningful.
COREBOOK

Sometimes surprising develop-
ments during the chronicle invali- CHRONICLE STARTER PACK.
date your original ending. That's Here are five quick things to consider and discuss with the players
perfectly fine! Just re-evaluate the as you start a new chronicle.
chronicle to see where it can devel- I. The chronicle concept. Who are the player characters? What
op anew ending. A good Storyteller are the major themes and settings? Is everybody on board with
needs to get used to implementing the plan?
the old adage of “kill your darlings,” 2. The scope of the commitment. Is this an open-ended chroni-
and this applies to endings as well. cle, or are you planning to run it for three, five, ten, or twenty

sessions?
3. The style of play. Will focus be on social interactions, combat,

Talk To Each Other or political backstabbing? Will the players try to “beat” the
Playing Vampire is a group activity. game by playing smart, or is it okay to play to lose if that leads
Maturing as a troupe, learning what to something interesting?
everyone — including the Storyteller 4. Food and location. Does everybody feed themselves? Is there
— wants out of the game and what a rotating cooking assignment? Are snacks shared? Who hosts
they consider worthwhile, learning the game?
methods to minimize conflict and 5. Exit policy. How do you leave the chronicle? No game benefits
ensuring smoothness of play — these from having someone who does not want to be there, so we
things all take time, practice, and suggest an articulated policy where players can leave the game
communication. with no hard feelings if it is not working for them.

Don't be afraid to actually talk
about what you are doing ona ee
meta level in coming to an agree-
ment on how you want to play.
This can be especially important If there are problems in the characters do and say, while the
when sitting down with new play- group, good communication is key. Storyteller takes care of every-
ers or player groups. It’s not about Ifa player consistently acts in a thing else. Other groups are more
what is the right or wrong way to destructive way in the game, never flexible, and allow the players to
play, but rather about making sure punish them in-game. Instead, talk improvise in the game world to a
all players are on the same page. with them outside the game and see greater extent, such as deciding the

A simple thing to talk about is if the issue can be res

--- CHUNK 23 ---
olved. If not, contents of their bag, what their
the logistics of play. Traditionally, you will have to ask if that player home looks like, their friends and
it often falls on a single individual, really wants to be in the game. acquaintances, etc. Some groups go
usually the Storyteller, to organ- even further, allowing the players
ize play session logistics. This does to control things far removed from
not always have to be the case, Narrative Control their characters, often guided by
and sharing the load of purchasing The question of narrative control the character's skills. For example,
books, coordinating the schedule, is a sensitive topic in many groups, a player rolls Wits + Streetwise and
and setting up a play area can and one that can create great declares that “everyone knows that
actually increase engagement in the clashes between playstyles. Who this turf is controlled by the Red
game. It also makes the troupe less has the right to enter what into the Ravens gang.” In this example, the
vulnerable to composition changes game world? player assigns the turf to the Red
as members move, fall ill, have pe- In some groups, players are Ravens, or even invents the entire
riods of heavy workload, and so on. strictly limited to what their gang.

348
CHRONICLES

While giving a lot of control to

CHRONICLE: the players is a perfectly accept- CHRONICLE:

CHAMPIONS able mode of play, it is perhaps THE HANGOVER

What use is immortality best suited to more narrative The player characters have

and the gifts of Caine if you games. The horror of a game such no idea what they are. The

don’t make a difference? as Vampire can be compromised sky hurts, the nachos taste

Your coterie is dedicated if it becomes more about telling a like cardboard, and they

to help a mortal cause, horror story than being in a horror want to bite a rat. Noth-

perhaps to rationalize their story. A Storyteller-created world ing makes sense at first.

predatory nature or from frees the players to experience it They are all alone in the

a sincere belief that they through their characters. night, and every thick-

are helping the world. They blooded vampire they meet

may do a lot of good along is stronger than them and

the way, but their hunger Realism and Game Logic wants to kill them. So they

and the politics of the Even if it can feel strange to talk stick together and trust no

Kindred ensure there will about realism in a game about one.

be collateral damage and Blood-driven corpses and their The characters were

messy solutions. undead intrigues, it’s wise to be likely a group of mor-

The coterie may aware that it is possible to have tals infected at the same
masquerade in plain sight radically different expectations in time, and their creator is
as humanitarian workers, this area. A comparison with the unknown or dead. They
an urban monastery, or world of movies can be a good way could be family, a table-
as feminist performance of opening a discussion in your top roleplaying group, a
artists. For a more sinister group. Here realism ranges from band, a polycule, a police
take, they could even be movies where somebody calls the or military squad, or any
gun rights lobbyists, work- cops if you start shooting in the other group of people that
ing simultaneously for the streets to action movies that defy have a very strong reason
right to bear arms and to the laws of gravity. to stick together. Perhaps
increase gun violence to Does a baton to the back of they are the only survivors
provide cover for vampires the head cause the guard to slump of a city-wide scourge on
on the hunt. down unconscious, or does it the Kindred or the first

The player characters cause head trauma and death? Is thin-bloods in town to
either feed from enemies it possible to go through a win- band together. Their goal is
of their cause or from the dow without horrible cuts? Are to understand what’s hap-
humans they struggle be- grenades explosions of death or pening and find thei

--- CHUNK 24 ---
r place
side on a nightly basis. cool background effects? Each in the world.

troupe will have their own truths,
and given that roleplaying has no

script, a relatively consistent ap-
proach is preferable.

The thing to avoid is to spring
a different level of realism than
expected ona player after the
fact. For example, a player decides
their character kicks open a door.

349
COREBOOK
~- q ;
- y : B~ gp _ }
' = A % ia
+ * - =
| . ; ° .
+ + ta - F .
é
(4 Y
. aS 2 , :
~ —
———
> tows
» —~= -

“ s a
They think the game follows action movie logic, so unnecessary debilitating paranoia. The players are not
this should be possible. If you feel that the player is sure how careful their characters should be to avoid re-
mistaken about the game’s level of realism, you should percussions, so they play it safe and go for an extreme
say: “Your character knows that only works in action level of caution. This tends to be destructive to games,
movies,” instead of “Your character hurts their foot, as they slow down to paranoid crawls. For example, a
and everybody laughs at them” (unless the player is character feeds from a mortal in an alley. If the players
making their character act stupidly on purpose, in are unsure how the world works, they might get stuck
which case it is perfectly fine to make the environment discussing how to stop the mortal from remembering
react to that). what happened. One or two discussions like this can

One side effect of a situation where the players be interesting for beginning vampires, but after a while
do not have full grasp on the game’s level of realism is they can really slow down a game. As the Storyteller,
350
CHRONICLES
Po] you can combat this by being consistent in how you

apply consequences and by being merciful when play-
CHRONICLE: NOTHING IS AS IT SEEMS, ers take risks in the interests of exciting gameplay.
AND EVERYTHING IS CONNECTED Finally, while some groups might want to go
Your characters are most definitely NOT towards hyperrealism, remember that your game will
vampires. Don’t be ridiculous, if vampires were never function exactly as in real life. It is a game about
real someone would have blown the whistle a vampires, and sometimes you will want to simplify or
LONG time ago. Now reptilian shapeshifters adjust things for the sake of a smoothly running game,
- there are plenty of reports of those, so that’s no matter what your style is.
probably what they are. Yeah, reptilian super
soldiers rebelling against their masters!

The characters believe themselves to be Hooks and How to Avoid Hook Refusals
infected by an extraplanar virus, abducted and Non-sandbox games usually have a hook that propels
genetically altered by aliens/the government, the player characters into the scenario. Hooks can
chosen and blessed/cursed by God for their look very different, but the players are meant to follow
personal sins, literal angels, demons, reptilians, where they lead, or much preparation will go to waste.
Agarthians, or awoken to genetic memories Some groups resent this intrusion into the “free will”
and capabilities of a race of ancient Ubermen- of their characters and might refuse the hook, in which
schen. You explain their condition and powers case a solution will have to be found.
creatively to align with the theory. However, a key method for making sure that hooks

The characters probably maintain mor- work is to make them align with the general motivations
tal identities to hide behind as they seek to of the characters. If the characters are all Camarilla-hating
oppose the Illuminati (or whatever), make revolutionaries, you cannot fault them for refusing a hook
more of their kind (using imperfect knowledge which requires them to start working for the Prince. Ide-
of how the Embrace works), stay alive, and ally, the characters are already well-disposed towards the
expose the Truth. hook, so you can assume they will want to follow it. This

This darkly humorous concept deals with does not have to make e

--- CHUNK 25 ---
very hook a positive thing for the
the nature of conspiracy theory (confirmation characters. Some can be negative. Perhaps the characters
bias) and will likely end in tragedy, crushing are being blackmailed or pressured by someone so power-
disillusion, awakening to an unwanted truth ful they can’t be resisted. In the case of these negative
(and the vengeance against their sire that fol- hooks, however, prepare for significant resentment on the
lows), unexpected confirmation of the theory part of the characters.

(hey, it’s your game, maybe the Camarilla ARE A simple way to make a good hook is to connect
reptilians in your World of Darkness), or some it personally to the characters. If some random person
other huge twist. The goal of the coterie is wants the characters’ help, they can easily say no. If the
truth or revenge. long-lost sire of one of them suddenly appears, begging
for shelter, things become much more interesting.
A good way to deal with missed hooks is to design
them so something interesting happens even if the players
351
COREBOOK
ee
makes sense to assume that
COTERIE IDEAS the characters can gener-
Ml Middle-aged swingers catching something more than STDs in ally take care of themselves,
upper-class Ostermalm in Stockholm. while in a paranoid game
™@ A techno crew inspiring extreme Resonance in their victims of cat and mouse with the
through carefully curated parties, drugs, and sound. The plan Second Inquisition it can
is to grow strong, build a small army of ghouls, and take down be interesting to go through
an elder. every safety measure a
@ Four unlikely refugees hiding in a hospital from something they player character enacts.
witnessed in the Gehenna Crusade. They keep their heads
down and feed from perfectly conditioned vessels to fuel the The Etiquette of PvP
Obfuscation they need to stay off the Camarilla’s radar. While traditional tabletop
M™ Novices of an inner-city monastery with a vision to help the roleplaying is usually “player
people of their neighborhood, while simultaneously feeding versus environment,” in a
from them. Who lives and who dies as the monastic Kindred game of undead intrigue
try to improve conditions for the community? player characters are some-
™@ A supposedly dead (murder-suicide), obscure cassette-tape times in conflict with each
Norwegian black metal band with a tiny dedicated fanbase who other. Most groups will likely
will believe anything and do anything. benefit from discussing in
M™ Syrian construction-workers who only do jobs at night. They advance how to handle this,
use their cover to gain access to havens and carry out contract especially if you are playing a
killings on unbound and thin-bloods for the Camarilla. chronicle and not just a one-
shot session.
ee Are the players free to
have their characters do what-
ever they want to each other?
Are there limits? Is there a
refuse them. Let’s say the Prince such as turning on the alarm in their “don’t break the group” as-
wants the characters to pretend to haven before tucking in for the day? sumption? Can they use Social
be Anarchs to get information on For players who are used to Skills on each other?
Anarch plans. The characters refuse. high levels of competence assump- In all cases, players
In the next session, another group tion it can be frustrating having to absolutely must make sure
of neonates suddenly defects to the constantly verbalize things that seem that what happens between
Anarchs, and the characters are left obvious. For others it might be bor- the characters in the game
wondering if they took the deal. ing if their characters just automati- does not stain real life rela-
cally coast through the game world, tions. The basic rule is that
For them, a high level of detail in the players are always more
Com petence how they control their characters important than the game.
y Assu m pt ion might be one of the core attractions If the game is not working
of tabletop roleplaying games. for the participants bec

--- CHUNK 26 ---
ause
Another tricky subject is the level of The important thing is to of conflict between player
competence assumption in the game. make sure that everybody is on characters, take a moment to
Are the player characters assumed the same page about how the discuss the issue off- game and
to do certain things without the ch ronicle works. Ina game be ready to make changes in
specific instructions of the player, the game if necessary.
——ae
CHRONICLES
| |
CHRONICLE: WE ARE THE HUNTED EVENT: LET SLEEPING GODS LIE
The attacks start small, with solitary, Every so often, rumors swirl about the
reclusive Kindred disappearing. When a two Kindred who founded the domain in
coterie’s haven is discovered empty of which the coterie is based. Supposedly, they
Kindred and their possessions, immaculate warred for dominance for centuries, only
as if bleached by a clean-up crew, whispers stopping occasionally to ensure their true
turn to worried shouts. Someone is hunt- natures were never discovered. These nights,
ing vampires in the domain and leaving they both rest torpid beneath the city, while
no evidence of their passing. Even the their minions continue their rivalry above it.
traditional methods of investigation — scry- The coterie finds a shambling figure who
ing the area with the powers of the Blood turns out to be a vitae-starved ghoul once
— seem to turn up minimal information on in service to one of city’s most powerful
the perpetrator’s identity. Kindred. In exchange for Blood, the retainer
The hunt hits close to home when a shows the coterie to the haven of their
coterie close to the characters disappears. former master, where clues can be found to
The characters have visited the group’s com- the domain founders’ secret resting place.
munal haven many times, only now it looks However, the coterie now has a treacherous,
like a show home ready for sale. Before she Blood-crazed ghoul as their slave, and this
disappeared, one of their friends said she felt slave wants more.
like someone was watching her movements When investigation reveals the resting
when she last prowled the Rack. place of the elders, their minions fall to fren-
Once the characters manage to discover zied combat. Even in their torpid states, the
the killer, it turns out to be someone close old Kindred seek to destroy each other. The
to them. An ally, a friend, perhaps even a city falls to war, with select Kindred sum-
family member, Kindred or kine. moned to the gravesite to wake the elders.
| |
|
i \
a :
\ |
i lp |
4 i —— t
{ —_ t
J avi 2A Bia
COREBOOK
Running a Game The Scene
You've planned a chronicle. Your players have char- Every individual game session in your chronicle has
acters. You've talked with the group about how you to start with a specific situation. The characters are
each wish to play. It is time to run your first game of somewhere, doing something. The situation does not
Vampire: The Masquerade. necessarily have to be dramatic. They can be at their
The first question you should learn to ask is, “What haven, playing pool. The important thing is to get the
do you do” players inside their characters from the first minutes
“You wake up to the pounding on your front door. of play. Typically, it is a good idea to have something
The cops are threatening to bash it in if you don’t interesting happen at to get things moving. Maybe a
8 P 8 8 8
open. Looking at the clock, it’s an hour still before supporting character comes to visit, bearing surprising
sunset. What do you do?” news. Maybe a dear friend of one of the characters has
“The Toreador Primogen looks you straight in the disappeared. As long as the players get something to
eye and says she’s always found young Kindred won- react to.
derfully energetic and lifelike. Her hand
caresses your chest. What do you do?”
“Your phone rings. It’s your mother. +}
She's in a panic, crying, saying there’s 4
a horrible strange woman in her house zi
threatening to kill her unless you go
there. From her descrip-
tion, you r

--- CHUNK 27 ---
ecognize the
Sheri h WY ” LNs EB
Sheriff. What do you do? 4 SE Vta, —P
“The pretty club kid S 2
you were feeding from is 4 :
lying motionless on the NV. j y i 4
floor of the bathroom. ; ,
He'll die of blood loss for iy ZE | “Diy
sure. What do you do? i Y WITH i Yas.
“The anarchist is just <i ly oA Os.
i se THE UNCONFORM aD. aif
about to punch you in ‘ sf an ig ai Hee ?
the face. You can see it Fe . 2 Le x6 es Vhs iS
. a - \ at E
in her eyes, and the way ws a NY mY W ff t re
~ . oy ~ By ae, 5 é
she balls her fist. What Se ie oe Y t
ain: at ‘
, ” este A Y “MN
do you do? gene A | B=. i
If you have not ) / " f eas i
“ye : ry Yo PN 4
asked this question & : a ‘a ‘ f
in a while, it is prob- r P 3 \
ably a sign there is not " ,
J : 2 =< ee Se =
enough stuff in your < —° Te. es
~ . hth ee san ~ ae
game for the players to a) * NOVEMBER 10:5 ey ¥y hae
react to. re antwey Holiness Church of Gody Ce
:00 pm~ NO SEEKERS "ot
CHRONICLES
Your game will progress as a series of scenes in Talk, Action, Challenge
which somebody is doing something interesting There are many different types of scenes, and some-
enough to be worth playing out in detail. Sometimes times they can morph from one to another during the
these scenes are initiated by you, but players can flow of the game.
also make them happen. Perhaps a character calls A fight scene involves a violent conflict in which at
his mortal mother, leading to a short conversation least one side is trying to seriously hurt the other. The
scene. characters are the victims of an assassination attempt
There is a roleplaying phenomenon known as or a hit from a mortal gang. They are trying to murder
if gaming where participation in the actual game is the Prince in her haven. Whatever the case, the situa-
replaced by player speculation about what might pos- tion devolves to combat. Note that not all fight scenes
sibly happen in different scenarios. Avoid this at all are like this. Sometimes the stakes can be so low that
costs by making sure the players are always focused on the scene does not even need game mechanics, such as
actual scenes. ina friendly brawl at a Brujah clubhouse. If nobody is
trying to kill or defeat someone, the
fight can be played for color instead
a P yy, 7 Wy, . i of victors and losers.
7 ‘ ( 4 A social scene is about interac-
h f fr py 4 if tion between characters. It can
¢ J pS involve game mechanics if the
m players and the Storyteller feel it is
% 5 " 2 Bit: necessary, but many social situations
(= = | do not really involve challenges that
| y fa ie -_ need to be resolved. For example, if
| Ls f 3 two characters go out on a date, the
s | Ap ZZ. if content of the scene is much more
Ls y { j 7 F 4 ¥ r" about the nuances of the social in-
Y 4 ‘ teraction between them. We want to
| 4 aoa n< Py Pd see what happens, not who wins.
f y | ad . Some social scenes are practi-
}) ~~ | cally irrelevant to the plot, yet fun
iH 1 to play. Perhaps the characters are
A ; shooting the shit after a horrible
night at the Elysium. They are jok-
ing, debriefing, making grandiose
- plans. By the next night, much of it
will be forgotten, yet the interaction
| can be interesting for its own sake.
¥ > A common type of an incidental yet
You area ghost driving a skeleton covered with dead meat interesting social situation is when
} made up of the dusk ofa million eons of lost history in characters talk about how fo set up
A A me f ™ d -l their haven. Questions of personal
pursuit of meaningless distractions. W hat 1s there to fear? stvle c bef ; .
style can be fun too. Perhaps one
character is expecting to meet their
ex, and the others offer advice on
what to wear.
| COREBOOK .
an eo: y
os f
., @
&f Social scenes can also be very dramatic and absolutely ally be extremely important to the players, in which case
Me : crucial to the story. After the player character Anarchs they will resent it if you cut it short. Yet, sometimes play-
fight their way to the Prince’s haven, the Prince suddenly ers are just ki

--- CHUNK 28 ---
lling time with their characters waiting for
surrenders and begs them to help him with an incoming you to move the game along. ‘This is one of the situations
rival incursion. A fight scene turns into a social scene in where Storyteller experience really counts.
which the characters interact with the Prince. Of course, cutting is not just about the timing ofa
As the Storyteller, running social scenes tends to scene. It is also about the timing of your session. Ifyou
require the use of your actual social skills to judge need to make it to the climax before the end of the game,
what is interesting to the players and what is not in you might start cutting scenes short, or even summarize
terms of themes, types of conflict, and so on. their events without really playing them out. On the other
Challenge-based scenes are a third common scene hand, if you feel you are running out of material, you
type. The characters are breaking into the haven of a could start encouraging player digressions to eat up more
baron, set up in an abandoned warehouse. The Story- time.
teller explains the layout, and the characters make a Note that sometimes players can cut too. Perhaps a
plan. These types of scenes often involve a lot of dice player feels that a social scene has run long enough and
rolls and descriptions. says: “Okay, we'll continue bad-mouthing the Primogen
but I don’t think anything interesting happens.” That is a
cue for the Storyteller to move things along.
The Cut
The cut is one of the most important tools in the Storytell-
er’s arsenal. The cut is when you move from scene to scene. Spotlight Distribution
Here the difficult thing is timing — picking the right mo- Spotlight distribution is a good thing to consider
ment to exit the scene and the right one to enter the next. when running scenes and deciding when to cut. It is
The start of'a scene is the easier of the two to get right. important to divide the spotlight among the players
Cut to the characters when something interesting happens. at least somewhat fairly, so that everybody gets to do
For example, the characters decide to go see the Prince. interesting things. Keep an eye out for who naturally
The details of driving to Elysium are inconsequential, so grabs the spotlight and who remains silent, and make
there is no need to play them out in detail. The moment to sure to ask everyone what they’re doing equally.
cut in could be when the characters walk into the Prince's The question of spotlight is relevant both in a
chambers, but it could also be a little earlier, when they scene where all characters are present and when the
stride through the Elysium and overhear strange gossip. characters are divided. If one characters goes out on
In combat scenes, the end typically comes when the their own, you will have to judge whether their scene
fighting is over, although sometimes the result becomes is interesting enough to be played even if the other
obvious before the actual end of the fight. If one side is players have to wait it out. [f one character goes to
clearly going to win, the Storyteller can cut the fight short scout the Prince’s mansion, perhaps you can just
and just summarize the end. This applies especially if the summarize the findings. If they go to pay their final
player characters are winning. respects to their dying mother, perhaps you can take
In a challenge-based scene, the scene is over when the twenty minutes of game time it requires.
the challenge has been dealt with. If the characters are If many characters have solo scenes, be sure to
breaking into the Baron’s haven, the scene ends when they balance them as well, so that everybody gets an equal
succeed, Sometimes the Storyteller can speed things along amount. In a chronicle you can vary the spotlight a
if the scene stops being interesting, in a similar fashion as little, making sessions that focus on the issues of a
with a combat scene. particular character, but even then nobody should
Judging when to end social

--- CHUNK 29 ---
 scenes is more difficult. feel like they showed up to the game just to sit and do
Seemingly boring discussion between characters can actu- nothing.
356
} Fame] * . 3 ere as
aS a es & r
ee Ld 1s dy MAAS ak Noe aien i
SS ae yes Speak little Asay nothing,
a a ORE os reveal only what you) a4
Se) : wisly fozreveal, pie j
ee yee ee ON EM
aes OP ot EY gle a OE RB, BNC Eee NR qn |
Pit Af St i ie OE i ee a a5 3 wf f
fi WL, OC BOOS ce SS NS | (aaah Pk ieee =? pi? aid i) geaedaG?
“i Be) ee ERTS | termes cee Ae ane Sei eae
pes “a rad ‘ j ef a ‘a Pate we ye y
Plea cgi yt 5 sat pia wey | Be det SE Tp GL Toe A
| JL BE FP (wise ge: Che iy
Why eA OO ee ee
j , PN Gr eRe Se BREE! SACS Re ES — Z
Description one character tries to throw the rock while another
Describing what happens is one of those Storyteller hides behind it. If the rock is a relevant feature of the
skills where it is easy to get started but there is a landscape, the Storyteller has to describe it using less
lifetime of nuances to learn. Basically, your job as the ambiguous language to make sure that all players un-
Storyteller is to describe where the characters are, derstand what their characters can do with it.
what happens, and who they are with. The key to good However, not all descriptions need to be exact. The
descriptions is understanding when to make them Storyteller can say: “The stars shine bright in the night
evocative and when to be concise. sky, like cold eyes of judgement.” The exact appearance
A roleplaying game differs from literary fiction in of the stars will probably have no bearing on what the
that the environment you describe must be actionable characters can actually do. This is especially relevant
for the player characters. The players must understand when describing supporting characters. The exact
how the things that are relevant to them relate to each shape of a man’s nose or the width of his face is rarely
other. For this reason, many things will have to be important, so you can use evocative language. Perhaps
described clearly and succinctly. This can be illustrated players will form different mental images of the char-
with the example of “the big rock.” The Storyteller acter in question, but that is fine. You can say: “The girl
says that there’s a big rock on the ground. One player looks like a fox caught plundering a trash can.” What
assumes “big” means the size of a fist, another thinks does that really mean? The players’ imaginations will
“big” means the size of a car. Problems arise when take care of it.
357
COREBOOK
The Session so that they trigger either with a As you plan your scenes,
When it comes to running a ses- pre-planned hook the characters you can give them very distinct
sion, preparation is key. You can will probably take or with action beginnings, but try to make the
create a toolbox of materials for from supporting characters. endings open to player choice. For
yourself, so that in the heat of the The simplest way to start a scene example, making a scene where
action, you can supplement your is this: “A stranger on the street the characters kill the Prince and
improvisation with stuff you came hands you a phone. ‘It’s for you... I then take their place in front of the
up with in advance. think,’ she says,” or, “Your burner entire Elysium is bad, because what
Generally, a good way to phone rings.” A supporting character if they do not? However, if the
prepare a session is to plan a series wants something from the player players have said they want to kill
of scenes that can happen in a character. To talk, to invite them the Prince, you can provide an op-
predetermined order or change somewhere, to gossip. Supporting portunity for it in the Elysium and
place with each other, depending characters can also come to visit, then have a supporting character
on how the game runs. Plan scenes, send letters, or whatever it takes. ask them, “So what now? Do you
o* o Sw
. OR al Cs
z td? 4 ge  S . ~ “
a me oP?" eee | ¢, » fg :) :
» ” rs % «. bw

--- CHUNK 30 ---
 ~ we n . Se . a
z Se ~_" ; ae fa wi 2 A oe ‘she. Haas oa Ss ory
—* “4 ~~ Te an Di an WA p ie . Za Q v,
6 A “ey, =3 ; ~ RS oe , "9 od
ws s, ote Y erg qj OR HA? » PA Sb fF |
ras Wie? ~ ‘D. i dl oe ea aon é \ me!
* ten, ° = hy ek cuir) |\° :
Ge Ne es . ; *, he \ ; }
- 7 . + :
ee < 0 "Tih \ ,
i N ¥ p
é
. } Kyi"
’ ri A Hi we
is RR VAN
: | ihe fh \ Sa £ | w j
y { ] el Ay see Lah . ;
. | fee ee ~~ \ : ‘
PICTURES Te hath De |
* , You can use pictures for ry ; bey ec i | my. y ae
player characters, support- I, { f a yey b ig i
ing characters, and even by Ny Bi F H
Ai. > ae > . |
locations. Google Image hie ' Iva
Search is a wonderful tool ae F fF
for this, as a tabletop role- ef y esa. NI j
i i 4 Olim =| mt i
playing game is a private F ay | ew
Wh
event. If you run games as ty
public events, there might \ |
i f
be copyright issues to / i : |
consider. 5 i) 4
Another source of . ie | i Boke’ in i
‘. . ; ‘ 7 ya
visual material you can use i | | PP Bel sy } a
in your games is this book. 1 . Save. i hb Bes
. We. Wet =
eo) aes +
7 ga £2 See
{$a ears a es
- aes Ae |? .
CHRONICLES
think you can take their place?” choice impacts the game a great backstabbing brutality of Elysium
This way, the idea is inserted into deal and provides opportunities politics becomes apparent as eve-
the game, but the players can make for a good, explosive start of the rybody gangs up on the Tremere,
their own choices. next session. at least socially. Choice: Do the
Ifa dramatic scene will likely Asa general rule, unless you re- characters go along with the gen-
have big implications for the rest ally know what you are doing, avoid eral ridiculing of the Tremere, or
of the game, leave it to the end. cliffhangers. The energy at the end of | do they play it cool?
That way, you will have until a session dissipates between games,
the next session to map out its so it is best to do all the dramatic Scene 5: A player character hears
repercussions. Maybe you do not stuff at the end, not the beginning. word that his mortal sister has
know if a player character wants been taken by the Second Inqui-
to be the Prince or if they want to HERE IS A SAMPLE PLAN sition. She’s at a black site, prob-
elevate their supporting charac- FOR A SESSION: ably being tortured to reveal the
ter buddy into the position. The Scene 1: The characters are at their secrets of the Kindred. Unfortu-
haven when a representative from nately, she knows many of them.
the Tremere chantry comes to invite Choice: Do the characters ask
them for a visit. She's very friendly for help from the Tremere? They
: . aw, 5 ae. and helpful, to a creepy degree. have a lot of arcane power that
‘* > At » L eet . * wn Pog ¢ could be very useful, but if the
, . fay Se gs ct a & Pd Scene 2: The characters go to the characters associate with them,
4 os pp ‘sate oa ‘e ~ es i chantry where the Tremere are it will damage their reputations
Fra sy ad i A Pe ys . clearly making a play for politi- among the Camarilla.
i 4 “9° cal support by being more open
\ than before. There are other guests Scene 6: With or without the
i as well, and the characters note Tremere, the characters attempt
that they’re mostly from the more to get the sister from the black
embarrassing sections of the local site. This is probably a pretty
g Kindred population. Choice: Do involved action sequence, and
: f : the characters play nice with the it can be given a social twist by
ra ww Tremere, or do they stand aloof? having a rival of the characters
es al there as a prisoner. They can
ba | Scene 3: Immediately as the charac- make a choice to free him or
ters leave the chantry, an acquaint- leave him.
Jer ance contacts them, asking if they Remember that you should
ga = were at the chantry and demanding be ready to discard all plans if
g that they come to the Elysium to they no longer work in the game.
pa share what's happened. It turns out This is especially important if the
4 the Tremere attempt at becoming players introduce interesting ideas
a more politi

--- CHUNK 31 ---
cally viable is the subject or themes. Sometimes the players
A ofa great amount of gossiping. come up with something better
\ | than what you had planned. In that
he " | Scene 4: The Elysium. This is a situation, just grin and pretend
. * great moment to kick all kinds that was what you were thinking of
= of personal stories along, with all along.
a relevant supporting characters. The
Be spthiess
a ee =
y aj a
; see, ig 359
COREBOOK
he Second Inquisition
EXAMPLE CHRONICLE FLIER: : :
YOUNG KINGZ in Chronicles
Are we like this because we’re here, or here Rifts have appeared in the Masquerade before. Individ-
because we like this? uals and small groups inside intelligence agencies like
There have been 313 reported cases of the Okhrana, MI6, NSA, and the DGSE have stumbled
serious youth-on-youth violence in Croydon into the Jyhad many times. Vampires have used agents
in the last 12 months. Ali was stabbed by his as pawns and fled temporary cells of government-
sister, straight through the neck with a screw- trained hunters throughout the 19th and 20th cen-
driver, Demi was set on fire outside Tesco turies. Camarilla assets within mortal states and the
Monk’s Hill, and let’s not even talk about Miss sheer impossibility of such an “immortal conspiracy”
Mullins and Griffin. between them always diluted and drowned any real
What if that galdem of Adidas-girls with coordinated human response. 9/11 and the global “War
much too much makeup been high, giggling on Terror” changed all that. The Camarilla gambled on
and vicious since the early 70’s? What if the an attempt to turn the American security state against
lost kids of the projects only seem old because the Sabbat and Anarchs, and every vampire lost.
they really are old? What if there’s a secret Massive surveillance programs and big data analysis
story behind all them stabbings and overdoses? pierced the Masquerade; when the NSA penetrated
A solid reason for skipping class, doing X on and flipped the Nosferatu SchreckNET after 2004, the
a Tuesday, and starting riots? A reason no mask came off for good.
grown-up can understand. At least no living But you won't find the Kindred mentioned any-
grown up. where on the news or even in top-secret Congressional
“Sabrina Mullings had just agreed to marry briefings. This decentralized Inquisition of intelligence
the 24-year-old Ivan Griffin, but just hours operators uses fake mission briefs, bogus subcommit-
later on March 13, 2017, she would be brutally tees, and false flag operations to black out this secret
stabbed to death by her fiancée. The killer war even from their colleagues and superiors. Anyone
demanded his 38-year-old victim drink his in the agency — or the governments that employ them
blood as she lay dying in the flat they shared in — could be a blood-slave, so no, Congress doesn’t know,
Ravensdale Gardens, Upper Norwood. Griffin and briefings happen very sporadically and on a strict
said he ‘killed her because [he] loved her,’ and need-to-know basis. Despite this crippling paranoia, a
that he was a ‘puppet to the devil’s work.” few high-ranking officials in several countries compare
Teenage drinkers painting South London notes and share intelligence globally.
red. London proper has just fallen to the Inqui-
sition. There are no more limits defined from
above. Few proper grown-ups except parents Church and States
and coppers, fewer rules, and no Cam Tommy A joint NSA/CIA Special Access Program called
or elders to compete with. No gods, no mas- FIRSTLIGHT coordinates aware agents all over
ters, no excuses for the pain you will bring to the Western world, liaises when possible with the
your community. A summer month before the Brujah-hunting Eighth Direction of the GRU, and
riots start. Mature players. Immature charac- funnels arms and support to the Entity, the secret
ters. Themes that will burn your heart. service of the Vatican. The traffic in intelligence
does not go only one way: the Entity now incorpo-
rates the newly re-cano

--- CHUNK 32 ---
nized Society of St. Leopold,
which provides FIRSTLIGHT and others with
records from the last Inquisition and important per-
360
CHRONICLES
, ¢ tT ge oe
Id mee
— : 10 6, ee
a, AS
WHE |
. Jae
* ,
: i Y
! NY,
° y w= 7
*
>}
/
Your humani d ur §reatese weakness because it forces you to care
about something that can defeat you. Reveal the details of your human
life at your own peril. Truth is your enemy.
spective on the “blankbody” threat. The Entity also Israel’s Unit 8211 tracks elders following the Beckon-
provided cadre and vital support for Brazil’s BOES ing to the Gehenna War and targets their abandoned
anti-vampire urban death squads, bringing them domains. France’s Calcédoine program within DGSE
into the global picture. has driven Villon into hiding and slowly clears Mar-
In 2008, FIRSTLIGHT analysts identified the seilles. SOCOM units operate in 177 countries around
Tremere Prime Chantry in Vienna as “Vampire the world, with an unknown number of FIRST-
Central” and directed their largest operation to date. LIGHT-cleared officers within them ready to order
A coordinated USSOCOM and Vatican ESOG force another haven hit with thermobaric missiles. Half'a
augmented with experienced Brazilian hunter-killer dozen governments hold Kindred in scores of very
teams annihilated the Chantry, destroying it with sunny black sites, experimenting on them to discover
drone strikes and relic-reinforced ground operations. their weaknesses and true nature.
The official cover story blamed the explosions on ISIS- The unknown Toreador who first dubbed it
aligned terrorists, just as FIRSTLIGHT has concealed a “Second Inquisition” did not err. Two of the
dozens of other strikes under the blanket of “counter- strongholds of the Camarilla have fallen, and more
terror operations.” been besieged. Anarch and Sabbat havens have been
Beginning in 2006, the British anti-terrorist police burned out wholesale. The Giovanni uncovered,
unit S013, under the leadership of Captain Ishaq sundered, and forced to align with their Hecata
Khan, has systematically cleared London, beheading brethren. Thousands of Kindred met with Final
Queen Anne in November of 2013. The FBI’s renewed Death. The unthinkable has happened: Humanity
Special Affairs Division stakes vampires from Long grows bold enough to resist their masters. Mitre and
Island to Las Vegas, wherever their own investiga- crown once more join forces to end the bloodline of
tions (or off-book FIRSTLIGHT briefings) find them. Caine. The hunters are hunted, again.
361
COREBOOK
ae “See S| =>
sak @, ee ae oe
362
CHRONICLES
The Camarilla Veil Out NSA; even deep encryption and couriers make physical dead
The Camarilla has responded by the Dark Web might as well be drops of USB sticks where only
totally retreating from a digital open books to these digital witch- bats or rats can retrieve them. So
world they never trusted and often hunters. far, the veil-out has contained the
despised. Princes ban all online The sect returns to the old problem, staunched the bleeding.
communication, even cellphone ways of analog spycraft, skills After Vienna and London, the SI
conversations about Kindred af they mastered when John Dee may believe they have eliminated
fairs, and crack down fiercely on spied for Elizabeth I, and when the worst of the “blankbody”
dissent and disloyalty. They run the Borgias conspired against threat. Perhaps the Camarilla
counter-intelligence in Washington cardinals and kings. Letter codes can pull off the same trick they
and Brussels, isolating their opera- refer to passages in obscure pulled during the Renaissance:
tions from each other as surely as editions of J.G. Ballard novels, discredit, infiltrate, and destroy
they close their cities down. Every contacts wear gloves matching their enemies. They plan to try,
phone call rings in the ears of the the color of their aura, raven as certain as Hell.
The Anarchs Burn Out
OO —“C;isSCSCSCSCsC‘C‘ The Anarchs and the unbound
approach the Inquisition problem
B

--- CHUNK 33 ---
LANKBODIES in their own style. Like drug deal-
It’s not easy to accept the existence of vampires. Outside the ers or protestors, they use burner
Society of St. Leopold and its partners in the Entity and BOES, phones, disguises, fast getaways,
even hunters who have faced them in the field often fail to grasp constant mobility, and online iden-
exactly what they are up against. The impossibility of vampires tity theft to stay safe. They tear
combines with bureaucratic discomfort with plain speech — even out GPS units from their laptops,
within FIRSTLIGHT, nobody uses the v-word unless they want to Dominate humans to post mani-
get frozen out of the next briefing. (SOCOM especially hates using festoes and communiqués, hire
it, not least because the NATO phonetic alphabet term for “V” is Ukrainian hackers to watch their
“Victor,” which sends a needlessly pessimistic message.) The NSA backs, and flesheraft body doubles
began investigating “paradimensionals” in the 1990s, and the SAD to fool pursuers. It’s harder than
prefers the catch-all term “anomalies.” When bringing a new asset the Camarilla way, and the slow
into the Inquisition, it’s best to stick to a neutral, objective term. movers die fast, but it beats going
“Blankbody” fits this purpose, and has become the most completely dark.
widespread euphemism for the target. (SOCOM operators in Thin-bloods hide in plain
the Inquisition happily use “Bravo-Twos” or “Double-Bravos.”) sight, carrying on as they did
The word comes from the generally low body temperature when they were still human. And
of the Kindred, which shows up as a void or dark blotch in much to the irritation of their
infrared night-vision. Field operatives often default to IR checks elders, they mostly get away
of suspects to separate the living from the dead. Institutional with it. They take selfies with a
paranoia and a shortage of cleared staff means that field agents “Bloody Mary” and a wide grin,
don’t always know about the Blush of Life (p. 218) which vaguebooking about their “habit”
enables vampires to glow rosy red in heat vision. They quickly and bad daytime comedowns.
learn, of course, assuming they survive long enough. Sometimes the police find jury-
rigged meth labs caked in blood,
ee and sometimes the reports end
363
COREBOOK
up on the wrong desk, but in general the FIRST-
LIGHT operatives in the DEA have worse monsters
to deal with. A daytime interview or a medical
inspection usually suffices to geta Duskborn off
the hook. If the thin-blood holds a grudge against
their resentful elders, well, dropping a dime on a
real “blankbody terrorist” is another good way to
get your case dropped. And you know, government
work comes with job security — becoming an SI
consultant could easily tempt any Duskborn with a
grudge, which is most of them.

As an enemy, the Second Inquisition is nebulous

ee and frightening, implacable yet hard to pin down. As
the Storyteller, you can fit it to your chronicle so that
THE ALL-POWERFUL MONOLITH it fulfills the function you need it to serve. Here are six
It is easy to see intelligence agencies as all- different approaches you can take to using the Second
powerful monoliths, and they might well look Inquisition in your chronicle:
like that to vampires who are desperately try-
ing to evade their grasp. However, especially ACTIVE THREAT: The Second Inquisition is hunting
if the Second Inquisition has a big role in your vampires, and the characters are in their crosshairs.
chronicle, it can be interesting to break this Perhaps American spec ops break down the door of
monolithic facade. their haven. Their friends and relatives get hauled
Local Second Inquisition agents could turn away to be interrogated and tortured in featureless
out to be badly briefed law enforcement with rooms. If the Second Inquisition is an active threat,
only a rudimentary idea of what they are hunt- much of the chronicle’s content will be about how
ing for. Maybe there is a liaison officer from to deal wi

--- CHUNK 34 ---
th this threat. How to survive the attacks?
another agency who is so paranoid about vam- How to protect loved ones? How to hide from the
pire mind control that she refuses to reveal enemy? How to strike back?
even necessary details to her teammates. The This is a good choice if you want to run a game
funding of the local Second Inquisition opera- with a focus on action scenes and combat.
tion could be contingent on political approval,
vulnerable to being cut off by Kindred influ- PASSIVE THREAT: The Second Inquisition is a feature
ence in local government. of the landscape, a natural hazard the characters need
Secrecy breeds incompetence and paranoia to consider as they go about their unlives. In this type
makes people do stupid things. Perhaps the of a game, the actual content of the chronicle is not
only edge your characters need against the about the Second Inquisition. The characters are trying
Second Inquisition is human nature. to do something entirely different (foment Anarch
rebellion, become the rulers of the city, try to main-
eC tain their fading mortal relationships, etc.), and the
Second Inquisition hits them if they draw attention to
themselves.

In a game like this, bad things happen if the char-
acters break the Masquerade or post revealing informa-
tion on social media, but if they stay sharp they will
evade the Second Inquisition.

364
CHRONICLES
‘
ina
ff EDS
4 ~Y
“,
y/ = 4 (Ved ad
! er, .
yog )
| Y S94 boos
\ aoe —~=
N wa _
Dp ; 4
~~
—
(C.- E22
SYMBOLIC PARALLEL: Intelligence agencies are shad- tion operates. As the characters see more similarities
owy organizations thriving on secrecy, unaccountable between themselves and their enemies, the Second
networks of power driving their own agendas. They Inquisition will become an important element in your
are staffed by people with questionable morals who are chronicle.
focused on destroying perceived enemies both within
the public and from agencies similar to their own. FRONT AND CENTER: | ct’s put the Second Inquisi-
From this perspective, the Second Inquisition can offer tion front and center in your chronicle. It’s no longer
a symbolic parallel to Kindred society. Secretive cabals about how it affects the story; it is the story. To make
strive for power. Does it matter if they are called the this interesting to play on, the Second Inquisition
Ventrue or the CIA? must be presented with depth and variety, as some-
With this approach, the players and characters thing more than just an unknown enemy or a stylized
will need to know a lot about how the Second Inquisi- metaphor.
365
COREBOOK

Let’s say the characters attempt In this situation, the Second
the extremely dangerous operation Inquisition does not even have to
of infiltrating the Second Inquisi- make an appearance to be effec-
tion. They might find a sleek modern tive. The paranoia it generates is
command center staffed by hyper- enough.
competent super agents impervious
to anything the characters can throw FOLLY: Finally, the Second In-
at them. But this is Vampire: The quisition can represent folly and
Masquerade, and it is more interest- hubris in your chronicle. It does
ing to make the enemy human, full not come after the characters on
of weakness and strange urges. So, its own initiative, but because it
as the characters dig deeper into was invited in. A prince thought
the Inquisition, they find that the they could use it to destroy
director of a local task force is the Anarchs. A disgruntled
secretly a vampire fetishist, the Nosferatu leaked informa-
SWAT team are all addicted to tion in a bid for revenge. The
performance-enhancing sub- characters make a play to control
stances, and the entire operation Inquisition agents without
is being done without govern- understanding how they operate.
ment approval. Vampires thrive Whatever happens, the end result
on human sins, and the Second is disaster.
Inquisition is all too human. You can also use the Second

Inquisition as purely a world

FAKE OUT? The ch

--- CHUNK 35 ---
aracters are element, something that happens
terrified of the Second Inquisi- while the characters do other
tion. Everybody knows somebody things. For instance, it will build
who’s lost their lives. Entire cities the Second Inquisition up as a
have been wiped empty of Kin- credible threat if it destroys the
dred. When the cops knock on the Tremere Primogen after the char-
door of their haven, the characters acters hear he tried to use it as a
know that time is up. Their only pawn in his own schemes.
choice is to kill everyone who
comes looking for them.

Only, this time it is not Hunters Hunted
the Second Inquisi- The Second Inquisition has
tion. It turns out that 4 decided to hit the characters.
another intelligence Who is coming after them? Here
agency, the secret are three different examples of
police, or a similar a Second Inquisition team (see
organization is after them Antagonists:
because they mistook them for
terrorists, minority rights activists,
leftists, foreign agents, or similar The Tactical Squad
traditional targets of intelligence The Inquisition has a lead on the
agencies around the world. characters and are on their way.

366
CHRONICLES
This kind of encounter can be ex- partners in the Second Inquisition. who do the work of the Second
tremely dangerous for the charac- They suspect the building the charac- Inquisition for them. However,
ters, as it demonstrates the power ters live in to be a vampire front, but sometimes the characters really do
the Second Inquisition can wield they want to make sure before they get approached by the real deal,
when it is at its most effective. go all van I Telsing on it. Second Inquisition agents from
The squad consists of a liaison The challenge from the per- deep within the NSA, the FSB, or
from a religious agency, as well asa spective of the characters is to de- a similar agency.
team who could be a police SWAT cide what to do. Should they try to Intelligence operatives can be
team, ex-military mercenaries or a kill the inquisitors? Or would that manipulative, devious liars. In this
rogue American spec ops unit. only bring more trouble? Is it bet- example, they do not initially seek
ter to switch havens for a month or to kill the characters, but to use
SAMPLE STATS? two and see if the inquisition loses them to further their own ends.
Liaison: As Faith Hunter, p. 371 the scent? Should they make some They make initial contact, perhaps
Squad leader: As Inquisitor Inves- sort of a play to try to fool the pretending to be interested in
tigator, p. 372 inquisitors? defecting to the other side or
Four squad members: As Inquisi- Repressed religious fanatics that promising that the Second In-
tor Delta, Pp. 372 they are, inquisitors can provide quisition can help the characters
To make things more difficult, for interesting roleplaying oppor- against their enemies. If the char-
the squad can strike at dawn, use tunities. Maybe one of them feels acters fall for it, the agents can
controlled demolitions to disman- a strange attraction to vampires, a try to pump them for information
tle the characters’ haven, or use Satanic whisper that just won't go about vampires, the locations of
equipment that makes it hard to use away? This unfortunate can contact the havens of their enemies, and
vampiric powers on them. Alterna- the characters to betray his fellows so on, The agents can try to use
tively, if you want to ramp down the for the chance to get closer to his ob- the characters as informants or
threat, they can botch the operation ject of obsession. Unfortunately for pawns, making them betray their
by signaling their approach. the characters, the next morning he fellows.
repents his weakness and confesses As combat opponents, the
everything to his fellow inquisitors. agents are not very dangerous, at
Old School least not toa vampire. If the char-
The characters are targeted by hon- SAMPLE STATS? acters catch them unprepared, they
est-to-God Catholic Society of St. Four Inquisitors: As Fa

--- CHUNK 36 ---
ith Hunter, will be able to win against them,
Leopold inquisitors. The inquisitors p- 371 However, do they really want to do
do not attack immediately. Rather, that, considering all the magnifi-
the characters start noticing strange cent things the agents promise?
things in their neighborhood. One of Secret Agents It is easy to make a liar sound
their contacts mentions intense mo- The Second Inquisition is coor- convincing if you are the Story-
nastic types visiting a local Catholic dinated and directed by smaller teller, so in in the name of fairness
church and talking with the people organizations hidden within the remember to actually make it
there. The ghoul of a neonate they vast intelligence apparatuses of possible for the characters to figure
know is found choked on his own countries like the US, the UK, out the truth.
blood. Grim-looking people seem Russia, and France. Often the
to be on a stakeout on the street Second Inquisition agents the SAMPLE STATS:
outside their haven. characters will meet are not Two agents: As Inquisitor Investi-
The Society of St. Leopold team actually from these agencies, but gator, p.372.
has received information from their from smaller, local organizations
367
y i —
y sa
1 Y
“ ahs W df
“i . ed, ot J j / “ Use i
q fie
A Ve
Pa <
, tl
4 ‘
3 Inn
. . y.>
ate aN: A.
' :- Jee Ae beg
ae ND & Ne of:
. an gh the. '@, Ca ty ers
on Very i 4, a es
- se? @ei Ms 7 = Je . m
LO ee
' ) 9 a4 Le he ad B rs @
7 4 ie 4 : . ; JN *

Change incidents and plot whenever the developing process j
seems to suggest such change, never being bound by any
previous design. If the development suddenly reveals new

opportunities for dramatic effect or vivid storytelling, add
whatever is thought advantageous — going back and
reconciling the early parts to the new plan.

- H.P. LOVECRAFT, NOTES ON WEIRD FICTION
his chapter provides the Storyteller with an teller ina hurry can throw a prefabricated cop into
arsenal of elements to introduce into their the warehouse or send the players to the old observa-
chronicle, as they see fit. Stories come from tory on the edge of town. Casting their eye over a list
characters in conflict, but they take their of victims, the Storyteller can jump-start their own

shapes from incident, from detail, from all the pieces creativity and breathe life into a vampire’s lunch — or
that flow together in a mosaic or a jigsaw puzzle until just roll the dice and let the player feed the story as
the final images emerge. No single chapter —no tule their character feeds on the kebab seller. This chapter '
book, not even thirty years of rule books — can substi- also opens a few doors to further mysteries for the :
tute for, or encompass, the endless possibilities of even Storyteller to explore, or not: magicians and enchant-
one Vampire chronicle, much less all of them. ed blades and strange sights in the night sky.
But this chapter lines up some colorful pieces of Who walks through that door, and what happens
story, some jagged and some mysterious. The Story- when they get there ... that’s up to them.
>
369
COREBOOK
e
Antagonists
Kindred like to imagine them- matter their sect, clan, or appar-
selves as predators feared by all; ent moral standing. Understand- Mortals
unmoved by mortals wielding guns ably, mortal hunters such as those Mortals serve a manifold purpose
or blades, immune to the vagaries within the Inquisition pose a great to Kindred. They ground a vam-
of aging, and capable of bringing threat to Kindred, but other crea- pire, allowing the dead to maintain
down any beast, no matter how tures, such as werewolves, ghosts, contact with life. They act as food,
feral they might be. For the most the fae, and even mortal magic their blood infinitely more nour-
part, vampires are correct in their users stand in the way of vampires ishing than that of any beast. But
assessment. They are hunters, blood claiming the role of uncontested sometimes, they act as surprising
drinkers, and in many cases, killers. 

--- CHUNK 37 ---
apex predator. predators. Mortals are not content
They are the antagonists in the Some of the greatest threats to to be pushed around, fed from, and
stories of others. vampires come from within their discarded. They fight back. Some
Yet, Kindred do not just coast own ranks. An upstart neonate may discover the existence of Kindred
through their domains, feeding attempt to topple a Prince from their and resolve to burn them from
without meeting resistance, hunt- throne, an Anarch may sabotage a their havens. Others simply wish
ing without finding challenge, or Camarilla Elysium with explosives and to maintain order, go about their
existing without threats to their inferno, or a Sabbat savage might roll lives, or lead other kine as teachers,
hollow lives. There exist many who into town with nothing but blood and leaders, and spiritual guides. Any
would do harm to vampires, no destruction on their mind. of them might pose a threat to an
individual vampire, or group of
neonates.
ee Minor characters such as
mortals and animals have generic
SIMPLE ANTAGONISTS dice pools for physical, social, and
Just like with scenes, the Storyteller can zoom in and out on the mental actions are concerned.
mechanical details of antagonists and other supporting characters The exception to this rule comes
At their very simplest, foes just need a description and a difficulty where their Secondary Attributes
level, for example “Thug ¢** ”. This makes defeating this antagonist and profession or role-specific
a Difficulty 3 roll with the appropriate ability. In a conflict, falling challenges come into play, such
short of this difficulty can cause damage. as a cop's aim being higher than
Example: Zoé goes up against the aforementioned thug, but their typical physical pool, or an
only gets one success on a Strength + Brawl roll. She suffers two inquisitor’s perception of danger.
points of damage (perhaps +1 or more if the thug is armed) and These exceptions are stated where
the thug remains a threat. relevant and should be rolled as a
If you need to roll a pool for the antagonist, roll twice the complete dice pool, but in all cases,
Difficulty, but note that this is rarely necessary. You can also, as the Storyteller should adjust dice
an option, roll a single die every time the antagonist’s Difficulty pools to reflect an exceptional or
comes into play - on a 0 they are considered to have rolled a criti- weaker version of the character
cal, adding +2 to their Difficulty for that test. specified.
For creating your own mortals,
ee! | sco Mortal Templates on p. 185.
370
TOOLS
Police Detective holding aloft their religious icons
An officer of the law is unlikely ‘9 and rebuking the dead.
to investigate a vampire for being | Standard Dice Pools: Physical 3,
a vampire. After all, most Kin- hen Social 5, Mental 4
dred keep their undead nature a =f fo Secondary Actributes: Health 5
a secret under the Tradition ee Willpower 7
of the Masquerade. However, é ame ‘ Exceptional Dice Pools: Academics
a vampire who goes around = ' .\ } 6, Insight 7 Occult 5, Leadership 6
breaking the law, assaulting : H 4 Special: Some clergy — and some
kine, breaking and enter- Pag k other mortals — possess True Faith
ing, or committing fraud \\ (p. 222),
to furnish their haven may bd \
well fall afoul of mortal law 3 nh
enforcement. co >) iS { % Faith Hunter
Standard Dice Pools: Physi- a ~* fy) fh 3 Perhaps hailing from the enig-
cal 4, Social 3, Mental 4 po bs we ’ matic Society of St. Leopold,
Secondary Attributes: 4 “ 4 ea ° = < ¥ \ perhaps a local imam assist-
Health 6, Willpower 5 aE » ing an investigative team,
Exceptional Dice Pools: 1 this old-school inquisitor
Athletics 5, Firearms 5, Inves- believes in faith and fire.
tigation 6, Streetwise 5 Likely with extensive con-
: tacts among the churches

5 of the world, and com-
Gangster ty parably great insight into
Kindred oftentimes find the foe, this antagonist is as
themselves in the company q : cunning as it is relentless.
of villa

--- CHUNK 38 ---
ins and rogues, sim- zz Standard Dice Pools: Physical 4,
ply due to their inability to \ Social 4, Mental 5
earn money honestly, and Secondary Attributes: Health 6,
occasional need Willpower 8
for daytime Exceptional Dice Pools: Academics
protection, 7, Awareness 7, Melee 6, Investiga-
assassinations, tion 7, Occult 8
or information. Special: Some hunters carry
Gangsters cover a broad spec- chemical or mystic imbuements
trum, from the street drug dealer Clergy in their blood, giving them
to the mob boss operating from a Clergy comprise a varied group, exceptional abilities to find and
penthouse apartment. spanning multiple faiths and each confront the undead. They add
Standard Dice Pools: Physical 4, posing a danger to the Kindred. four dice to any pool to resist or
Social 3, Mental 3 At their weakest, they are capable contest a vampiric Discipline.
Secondary Attributes: Health 6, of rallying the kine in worship, Drinking their blood inflicts
Willpower 4 hope, and resilience against undead 4 points of aggravated damage
Exceptional Dice Pools: Brawl 5, predation. At their strongest, they unless the vampire can win a
Firearms 5, Intimidation 5, Larceny wield their faith like a weapon, Stamina + Resolve test at Dif-
5, Streetwise 7 burning the flesh from vampires by Ficulty 5.

371
1 ’
COREBOOK ; i ‘
-
; x
Inquisitor Investigator if = 2
The Second Inquisition knows b, ¢ ¢
the broad details of Kindred i ¢ © ¥
society, thanks to the penetra- = } | ;
tion of SchreckNET and a decade ae . ey
of successful interrogations and  Y iN
surveillance missions. It dispatches aed ’ ska Oh) Pg ti
its agents into the field with set aes = : y y
missions: spy, research, capture, > . rss !
or kill. They are each equipped f ( ‘ i t t
appropriately to best handle their \ ae 4 ~
assigned role. } pare 6 i My a
Standard Dice Pools: Physical » rigl t here is whatiwe call a bad datg
Social 4, Mental 5 lL dsuck his shi Anownta
DIDOASUC st his shit and now it's
Secondary Attributes: Health 7 ¢ F
Willpower 7 1 b O clean t up 4 because no ones
Exceptional Dice Pools: Academ- ging to believe a tiger got loose in the
ics 6, Awareness 7, Firearms 6, city. again.
Investigation 7
Inquisitor Delta
Part of a Second Inquisition assault
team, the standard SI Delta is no
mere rank and file foot soldier. Ghoul
Often recruited from mortal intel- Ghouls form the stock of retain-
ligence and/or special operations ers, servants, and slaves of many
operatives, they are skilled and ca- Kindred. Addicted to the vitae
pable operators well versed in the in their masters’ and mistresses’
quirks and foibles of their quarry. dead veins, ghouls will obey their \*
Standard Dice Pools: Physical 6, creators in any way they can, Ss
Social 4, Mental 4 even to the point of injury, and \
Secondary Attributes: Health 8, in some cases, death. Ghouls may
Willpower 7 be stoic butlers, steady body-
Exceptional Dice Pools: Athletics guards, or blood-crazed savages,
8, Awareness 7, Brawl 8, Firearms depending on their regnant. x
9, Melee 8, One Expert Skill 9 Standard Dice Pools: Physical 4, “ m
Special: Inquisition operatives Social 4, Mental 4
are often festooned with kit as Secondary Actributes: Health 6, th
befits their mission, such as body Willpower 5 ‘
armor, specialized ammunition, Exceptional Dice Pools: Aware-
breaching tools, and the like. ness 6, Intimidation 5 Occult 6,
They are also smart enough to Stealth 5 ‘
only engage foes when they are at Disciplines: One Discipline atl ‘§
an advantage. See p. 234 for more on Ghouls. i
372
TOOLS
Animals Guard Dog
Whether or not they like to admit it, Kindred share A man’s best friend is his dog. Many Kindred agree
a kinship with primal creatures. In their cold dead with the sentiment, retaining vicious yet obedi-
hearts, all vampires simply crave the hunt and the ent hounds to guard their properties or set loose on
blood that follows. intruders.
Many animals rear or shy away in the proximity of Standard Dice Pools: Physical 5 Social 1, Mental 1


--- CHUNK 39 ---

the undead, though a few are drawn to the blood-drink- Secondary Attributes: Health 5, Willpower 2
ing predator, recognizing a new alpha to follow. By and Exceptional Dice Pools: Awareness 4, Brawl 6, Intimi-
large, vampires use animals for scouting in the city or sur- dation 4, Stealth 4
prise attacks in the wilderness, courtesy of the Animal- Special: Add +1 to damage done by guard dog bites.
ism Discipline. It is not unknown, however, for a vampire
to own a loyal pet or animal companion.

Horse

Horses tend to shy from vampires, unless in a rural
Bat (Large) Kindred’s stable for the purposes of quick, unexpected
Commonly associated with vampires, perhaps in part escape or as a stock of copious, if unpleasant, blood.
due to the forms Kindred with Protean often adopt, Standard Dice Pools: Physical 6, Social 1, Mental 1
the bat is far from a predator, but benefits hugely Secondary Attributes: Health 7 Willpower 2
from an impressive sonar ability. Exceptional Dice Pools: Awareness 4
Standard Dice Pools: Physical 3, Social 1, Mental 1 Special: Horses do +2 damage when trampling prone
Secondary Attributes: Health 2, Willpower 1 opponents
Exceptional Dice Pools: Awareness 7, Stealth 5

Rat
Bear The Nosferatu’s favored creature, the rat, or swarm of
Impressive in size, lethality, and speed, the bear is a rats, make for ideal messengers or spies when using
surprisingly dextrous creature capable of ripping flesh the Animalism Discipline. When utilizing a swarm,
to ribbons with one single flex. add 3 to Health and all physical-based rolls.
Standard Dice Pools: Physical 7 Social 1, Mental 1 Standard Dice Pools: Physical 35 Social 1, Mental 1
Secondary Attributes: Health 8, Willpower 3 Secondary Attributes: Health 1, Willpower 1
Exceptional Dice Pools: Awareness 3, Intimidation 6 Exceptional Dice Pools: Awareness 5, Brawl 4,
Special: Add +2 to damage done by bear attacks. Stealth 7
Bird of Prey Wolf
Though many birds of prey exist, the hawk, eagle, For the vampire who wants to make a statement,
vulture, and owl are among the more likely to keep using a wolf as guardian or attack creature is certain
company witha vampire, lurking around its haven for to revolt local Gangrel and werewolves. Wolves often
staggering, blood-drained morsels. respect vampires as pack alphas.
Standard Dice Pools: Physical 4, Social 1, Mental 1 Standard Dice Pools: Physical 6, Social 1, Mental 1
Secondary Attributes: Health 35 Willpower 2 Secondary Attributes: Health 6, Willpower 3
Exceptional Dice Pools: Awareness 6, Brawl 5 Exceptional Dice Pools: Awareness Bh Intimidation 5
Stealth 6 Stealth 5

Special: Add +1 to damage done by wolf attacks.

373
-
COREBOOK s
«<%
4
ny
V . ~~ s = oe f > Pas y
Camarilla vampires enjoy telling : a . ‘ “» & ""@ \ — sl oy: OF \
each other about the harmony , S q y
within their sect, just as the % at ~ ds y p a
Anarchs like to act as if the x= A P oS ae
= ; S
Movement is a united fight i 5 _ . :/ ~ ec
against tyranny and abuse. ys “4 A fe BS
Vampires imagine they are free 4 5 € % Ai 5 y
from the Jyhad, but elders pit : 4 e € iS
ancillae against neonates, while na Se \ dee ,
fledglings conspire to take down . \ ren , F |Z
Princes. Ps ee A
As vampires require a range of p 4 ¥
Attributes and Skills to use their ha
Disciplines, they possess full lists
of both unlike other minor Story-
teller characters.
Elysium Harpy Anarch Revolutionary
Sometimes, the sharpest weapon is the tongue. The Anarchs talk a big game, threatening to tear down the
domain Herald, or Harpy, knows everyone and all their establishment to replace it with something fresh and
secrets. This Kindred will share them with others, for the lead Kindred into a brave new world. Most members
right price. “I larpy” isan originally negative epithet, but of the Anarch Movement in fact concentrate on their
some wear it with pride, knowing the role of information personal domains, reasoning that as long as they’re left
broker is valued in any court, at least until another vam- al

--- CHUNK 40 ---
one, they're good. This revolutionary Kindred spits
pire decides the loose-lipped Kindred requires destruc- on such “Autarchs,” lighting a Molotov before chargi ng
tion. into Elysium.
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Scamina 2; Cha- Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Composure 33 Intelligence 2, risma 3, Manipulation 35 Composure 2; Intelligence 2,
Wits 3, Resolve 3 Wits 4, Resolve 4
Secondary Attributes: Health 5 Willpower 6 Secondary Actributes: Health 6, Willpower 6
Skills: Academics 2, Awareness 4, Finance 2, Investiga- Skills: Academics 1, Awareness 3, Investigation 1, Oc-
tion 3, Politics 4, Occult 1; Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Craft 1, cult 1, Politics 3, Science 2, Technology 33 Athletics 4,
Drive 2; Etiquette 5, Insight 4, Intimidation 3, Lead- Brawl 4, Drive 3, Firearms 3, Larceny 4, Melee 3, Stealth
ership 1, Performance 3, Persuasion 4, Streetwise 3, 2, Survival 33 Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1, Insight 2,
Subterfuge 4 Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Persuasion 1, Streetwise
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Fortitude 1, Presence 3 4, Subterfuge 1
Humanity: 6 Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 2, Fortitude 3,
Blood Potency: 3 Potence 2, Protean 1
Humanity: 7
Blood Potency: 2
6
. a Ed ” . -
ow 8 : .
— t & Ne .
Ve ;
. e , s
im \d Vow ~ m-e®
TOOLS
? «|
OF
7
. 4 I __€,:  Bloodthirsty Sheriff
. « It seems every city’s heard of an especially bloodthirsty
ANTAGONIST EXPENDITURES Sheriff, keen to destroy other vampires for the slightest
For Storytellers who desire less bookkeep- infractions, call Blood Hunts for looking at the Prince
ing, keeping track of Hunger and Willpower the wrong way, or lead the charge against Sabbat on
, levels for several antagonists can be a chore. the domain’s outskirts. The Sheriffis a formidable
One solution is to dispense of it altogether, warlord, but may enjoy the taste of vampire Blood a
but raise the appropriate antagonist dice pools little too much.
f somewhat to compensate, another to keep a Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4; Cha-
| general tally of expenditures per scene, such risma 2, Manipulation 1, Composure 3; Intelligence 3,
\ as “in this scene the antagonists may use a Wits 4, Resolve 4
maximum of five Rouses of Blood and three Secondary Attributes: Health 7, Willpower 7
Willpower between them.” A third option is to Skills: Academics 1, Awareness 3, Finance 1, Investiga-
have a general pool of bonus dice to throw in tion 4, Politics 2, Technology 2; Athletics 4, Brawl 3,
when appropriate. Drive 2, Firearms 4, Larceny 3, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Sur-
vival 33 Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1, Insight 1, Intimida-
ee tion 5, Leadership 1, Persuasion 1, Streetwise 3
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 3, Obfuseate 3,
Potence 4
Humanity: 5
Noddist Bishop Blood Potency: 4
Membership in the Church of Caine has surged within
the Camarilla, though the sect hates to admit it. To
some, the Noddists represent hope, spirituality, and
guidance on a tormented path. Others see the Church Wight
as just another means of oppressing the Kindred This is a vampire completely consumed by their Beast.
masses. “Not content to take our bodies, they take our All human personality disappears as primal cunning
souls as well.” The Noddists preach that loyalty and and aggression dominate, the persona of the Beast now
belief in Caine’s precepts will see all Kindred to their and forever more at the forefront. Few vampires exist
just rewards. for long as wights, for the Beast compels them to sav-
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5; Cha- age violence each night. Those rare wights that do exist
risma 5, Manipulation 3, Composure 4; Intelligence 5, for longer than a few months learn how to hide, ration
Wits 3, Resolve 5 their hunts, and inflict awful torturous torments on
Secondary Attributes: Health 8, Willpower 9 their prey.
Skills: Academics 4, Awareness 2, Finance 1, Investi- Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5; Cha-
gation 2, Medicine 2, Politics 4, O

--- CHUNK 41 ---
ccult 5, Science 1; risma 1, Manipulation 1, Composure 1; Intelligence 1,
Larceny 1, Melee 2, Stealth 2; Animal Ken 1, Etiquette Wits 4, Resolve 2
4, Insight 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4, Performance Secondary Attributes: Health 8, Willpower 3
2, Persuasion 5, Subterfuge 4 Skills: Awareness 5, Investigation 4; Athletics 4, Brawl
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude 3, Pres- 4, Firearms 1, Melee 3, Larceny 2, Stealth 4, Survival 5;
ence 4 Animal Ken 4, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 2
Humanity: 5 Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 4, Fortitude 3,
Blood Potency: 3 Potence 4
Humanity: 0
Blood Potency: 3
375
COREBOOK
Creatures natural powers. For troupes using ing to destroy vampires whenever
this book alone to detail their they cross paths. Some even track
of Horror antagonists, treat their powers the Kindred from afar, encouraging all
Vampires are far from the only same as the Disciplines provided vampires to ensure their havens
monsters dwelling in the night. for each creature entry. If they fail are safe and secure from werewolf
From shapeshifters that despise their “Rouse Check,” rather than attacks. These creatures are at their
the undead to mortals capable of gaining Hunger they suffer a point best in the wilderness. As vampires
creative and destructive magics of Superficial damage to either control the cities, lupines control
in equal measure, vampires share Willpower or Health. the wild.
the night with potential allies and Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3,
likely enemies. Stamina 4; Charisma 3, Manipula-
Note: While non-vampires Werewolf tion 3, Composure 2; Intelligence 3,
and non-ghouls cannot possess Dubbed “the Great Enemy” by el- Wits 4, Resolve 4
Disciplines, they do tend to have der members of Clans Gangrel and Secondary Attributes: Health 7
access to their own range of super- Raynos, the lupines stop at noth- Willpower 6
ae SS. - = .
, : oe > \
a % ~~ % -
ety Pe
.
e Za WEREWOLF BLOOD
Lupine blood is potent stuff and a powerful allure to
Ws the Kindred. A werewolf’s blood is so rich that every
drink from its veins slakes twice the normal amount of
5 FS Hunger: a sip slakes 2 Hunger, for example. Draining a \
2 werewolf dry can reduce Hunger to 0 for two vampires if
SS they share the kill. However, the supernatural power of
werewolf blood can also be a dangerous wine.
A vampire who feasts on werewolf blood is far = * ec:
more susceptible to frenzy while the lupine blood eS
= remains in their system. Every point of Hunger slaked ae -
with werewolf blood increases the Difficulty to resist Pe . ~y
frenzy by one. Even if the vampire successfully staves a = ,
off their Beast, they become paranoid and short-tem- +» B
pered for as long as the blood remains in their system. 4 " =
In some cases, vampires gain temporary Compulsions Bt. | - = t
from feasting on particularly volatile werebeasts. % Sea 4] — + a
Lupine blood mixes Animal with Choleric reso- ge j
nances, usually Intensely. Alchemists prize it for its high y . -
miscibility with other ingredients: it adds two successes ,
to any distillation roll for a formula including it. ; 7 Seva
.
TOOLS

Skills: Academics 2, Awareness 4, 2, Technology 1; Athletics 1, Craft Spectre
Investigation 1, Medicine 1, Politics 3, Drive 1, Firearms 1, Melee 1; Spectres are otherwise known as
1, Occult 3, Science 2; Athletics 4, Etiquette 3, Insight 4, Intimidation angry ghosts. These dead beings
Brawl 5, Drive 1, Firearms 1, Melee 4, Leadership 4, Performance 3, possess a fiery rage, embodying
4, Larceny 2, Stealth 4, Survival 5; Persuasion 4, Streetwise 1, Subter- their anger through destructive
Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 1, Insight fuge 3 acts, including possession of the
2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 1, Disciplines: Auspex 4, Blood Sor- living to make them vessels of
Streetwise 3 cery 5, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 3, their wrath. Spectres have all lost
Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex Presence 2 something dear to them, with
2, Celerity 4, Fortitude 5, Obfus- Special: Magicians are as

--- CHUNK 42 ---
 vulner- it often being their link to the
cate 1, Potence 5 able as normal mortals, but can world of the living. They have
Special: Werewolves suffer Agegra- erect ad-hoc defenses using 1 Will nothing left to lose, and so take
vated damage from silver weapons power point per incantation. out their anger on all other be-
and fire only. They recover 1 Super- ings.
ficial Health per turn. Werewolves Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4,
gain claws and teeth, that deal Faerie Stamina 4; Charisma 1, Manipula-
non-halved Superficial damage (+3 The Fair Folk come in a dizzy- tion 3, Composure 2; Intelligence 3,
damage modifier) to vampires, as ing variety of forms and shift Wits 3, Resolve 2
well as +3 to all physical attributes their seeming into still more. This Secondary Attributes: Health 7,
when they shift to their half-wolf particular sidhe enters the city on Willpower 4
war form. their own uncanny errand, and it Skills: Academics 1, Awareness 5,

suffers no interference from mere Investigation 1, Medicine 2, Occult

blood-lappers. 4; Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Drive 4,
Magician Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Larceny 2, Stealth 5, Survival 2;
Mortal will-workers possess the Stamina 3; Charisma 7 Manipula- Insight 2, Intimidation 3, Persua-
ability to craft rituals, incantate tion 5, Composure 3; Intelligence 3, sion 1, Subterfuge 2
complex spells, and live for longer Wits 4, Resolve 4 Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2,
than their unawakened kin. How- Secondary Attributes: Health 6, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 2
ever, they are punished by Paradox Willpower 7 Special: It is not possible to
— some believe from divine forces, Skills: Awareness 2, Occult 4; strike a spectre unless it takes
while others maintain reality inter- Athletics 2, Melee 4; Empathy 3, solid form. Only dark magic
cedes - when they practice vulgar, Etiquette 4, Intimidation 3, Lead- or an exorcism performed by a
unbelievable magic. Some mage ership 4, Performance 4, Subter- priest or inquisitor can banish,
Traditions harbor a fascination fuge 2 destroy, or enslave a spectre. A
regarding Kindred, and especially Disciplines: Celerity 1, Dominate spectre possesses a mortal using
the properties of vitae. 4, Obfuscate 4, Presence 5 a power equivalent mechanically
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Special: This faerie takes Aggra- to the Possession (Auspex-Dom-
Stamina 2; Charisma 3, Manipula- vated damage only from fire and inate) power. Spectres use Ma-
tion 4, Composure 5; Intelligence 5 cold iron. They can create powerful nipulation + Drive to control a
Wits 4, Resolve 5 illusions that even Auspex must possessed human into performing
Secondary Actributes: Health 5 labor to pierce (Wits or Resolve + functions they would normally
Willpower 10 Auspex vs. the faerie’s Manipula- avoid. Spectres use Dexterity +
Skills: Academics 5, Awareness 3, tion + Wits). Brawl to hurl objects telekineti-
Finance 1, Investigation 2, Medi- cally a
cine 2, Politics 1, Occult 5, Science

377
COREBOOK
Items
Some of these items can be found to detect “paradimensional infil- -1. Blush of Life has no effect on a
in any big-box hardware store; oth- trators” in the 1990s, and some of chaoscope.
ers have claimed dozens of lives in those agents joined the Second
the search. Any of them can turn Inquisition once they learned what EXAMPLE:
up in your chronicle if they seem they were looking at. Vampires of Agent Vasquez has detected a 10th
to add something to it. different ages disturb different fre- Generation Gangrel before; so her
quencies, so it takes diligence and Difficulty to detect either a 10th
precision to discern vampires and Generation vampire or a Gangrel is
ghouls from regular humans when 5. To detect another 10th Genera-
Gear using this device. tion Gangrel, her Difficulty would
Marvelous toys proliferate wher- So far, chaoscopes can only be in- be only 4.
ever bored immortals and immense stalled in place or used in dedicated
unaccountable government opera- trucks. Their range is cla

--- CHUNK 43 ---
ssified at
tions intersect. Storyteller’s Eyes Only level. XScopes
The operator must make an At their core, XScopes use simple
Intelligence + Awareness test at technology — from a distance they
Sunbag Difficulty 6 to reliably detect a determine if someone is living or
A simple sleeping bag made out of vampire with a chaoscope. If they dead by looking for heartbeat,
thick sunlight-resistant materials, have reliably detected a vampire of respiration, and body heat. The
used by Kindred to sleep safely. It the same generation or clan before, SI has installed basic XScopes in
covers the entire body and has the they can lower their Difficulty by every airport security scanner, set
zipper on the inside. Only par-
ticularly brave Kindred dare sleep
with only this as protection, and in
some circles, “sleeping outside” for
a day is a test of courage. Common
among travelling Gangrel who have
yet to master sleeping in the earth.
Chaoscopes
Coronal I lalo/Analyzing Oscillo-
scopic Electromagnetic Differential
Readers, to use their official name, ’
detect disruptions in electromag- \
netic frequencies - including those I
caused by, or existing as, ghosts
and demons. Vampire Blood has
similar, although less obvious,
resonances under chaoscopy. The ~—le
NSA began modifying chaoscopes
378
TOOLS
°
b i ” ‘
i
\{ WA...
My _ TT =
7"

To ae
to send up a red flag to the duty s Sa . —-
agent if a blankbody trips them. a ys . = =
Man-portable XScopes resemble ° w
large video cameras, and the SI of-
ten disguises them as exactly that. =
However, Kindred can deceive -
basic XScopes with Blush of Life. .

Second-generation XScopes
— mostly not in common use, al- a
though Heathrow, Reagan Nation-
al, Da Vinci Airport in Rome, and
other “critical installations” deploy eg
them already — using specialized he
software to differentiate between y
natural blood flow and imitated
life. For now, detecting thin-bloods
remains just outside the technical
threshold, although the Inquisi- inventive pocket watch razor anathema because of their lethality,
tion and CIA are pursuing several spinner, disguised weapons find the potential for collateral damage,
promising leads. increasing popularity in Camarilla the unavoidable terror frenzies,
For non-Duskborn, concealing domains as the Inquisition in- and crafting mishaps. Hunters
oneself from a second-generation creases scrutiny on individuals via and the far-flung Gehenna war,
XScope reading requires Blush of Homeland Security, random police becomes another issue entirely...
Life and a Composure + Stamina stops, and customs searches. Most Kindred are toast when
roll against Difficulty 5 +the op- Making a disguised weapon uses facing hunters who have the ability
erator’s Resolve. Intelligence + an appropriate Spe- to bring these weapons to bear,
cialty of Craft; spotting one usually and this is just another reason that
requires Wits + Awareness against a vampires tend to flock to mortals,
. Difficulty of 1+ either the wielder’s hoping that the hunters will seek
Conventional Stealth or the maker's Craft (which- to avoid collateral damage.
ever is higher). Because they cannot Home-made and black-market
Weapons be properly balanced or shaped, they incendiary weapons often contain
Both Kindred and their hunters penalize the user one die from their inferior substances and liquids
depend on specialized loadouts, attack pool unless the maker got a such as fuel, fertilizer, and cleaning
often for hunting the same game. critical win on their crafting test. fluid. They do one less point of
damage, and might set the user’s
hands and face on fire (3 Aggra-
Disguised Weapons Incendiary weapons vated damage) on a cotal failure of
Whether in the form of the among Incendiary weapons are as effective the attack roll.
Ventrue ever-popular sword cane, against vampires as they are hor- Common tracer rounds does
22 caliber fountain pen, or the rifying. Among Kindred, they are not contain enough incendiary
379
COREBOOK
material to cause signific

--- CHUNK 44 ---
ant Ag- large flashlight, the hafla shoots a by removal of the material), sand, or
gravated damage. projectile up to roughly 80 meters similar will stop the burn.
that detonate in a large cloud of

DRAGON’S BREATH ROUNDS: fiercely burning material. MOLOTOV COCKTAIL A proper
These powdered-pelletized zirco- Successfully striking a target molotov cocktail is made not with
nium-magnesium shells turn any with a hafla is at least Difficulty a rag and gasoline, but with jellied
pump shotgun into a flamethrow- 3. The target immediately takes petrol and a sparkler. The difficulty
er. Available in many American three levels of aggravated damage in anti-vampire use lies in getting the
states, but illegal in most of Eu- when struck, and three levels bottle to break upon contact with
rope, Dragon’s Breath ammunition every turn thereafter. Only im- the target, and a wise user therefore
appears on black markets wherever mersion in water (followed by often targets the ground in front of
vampires have been indiscreet. removal of the material), sand, or the victim, hoping to splash its legs

Dragon’s Breath shells has no similar will stop the burn. with burning material.
damage bonus (+0), but turn the Successfully striking a target
damage into aggravated versus FLAMETHROWERS ‘The backpack with a Molotov cocktail is Dif-
vampires, and incidentally set what flamethrowers of WWII, Korea, and ficulty 4, and causes two levels of
they hit on fire (doing a point of Vietnam are rare, bulky, and remove Aggravated damage every turn. A
Aggravated damage per round to the “potential” from “potential Composure + Survival roll (Dif
the target until put out). With collateral damage.” Their range is ficulty 3) action is usually enough
factory shells, a total failure on the limited, but the effects turn most to remove enough of the material
attack roll jams the shotgun. (often including clothes) to
They have an effective range of stop the burn.
no more than 15 or so meters.
RAUFOSS Incendiary explosive Net Gun
rounds, such as the Raufoss, are An apparently simple device
fortunately rare outside military often used when hunting wild-
hands, but do show up occasion- life or for riot control, the net
ally in hunter arsenals. They gun finds its way into the hands
have excellent range and armor- of inquisitors and Kindred
piercing capability, and usually who wish to slow down their
come in calibers (12.7mm) that prey. The nets fired from these
make any target (up to and small launchers are designed
including armored civilian cars) to entangle, but also have an
have a really bad day. adhesive quality to their weave.

Raufoss ignores any body When the Inquisition uses net
armor, causing +5 damage, all of it battlefields into a raging inferno. rounds in their grenade launchers,
Aggravated. Very few hunters use these, as the the adhesive is very flammable.

potential for disaster is too great. Damage from a net gun sub-
HAFLA The original handflammpa- Flamethrowers deal +0 Aggravated tracts from the target’s Dexterity
trone is virtually non-existent in damage when the target is struck and rather than Health, though it is
the modern nights, but it is not every turn thereafter. They also make halved as Superficial damage. A foe
particularly difficult for a skilled everything in the environment burn, at Dexterity 0 is thoroughly entan-
artisan to make a copy of this one- as it is coated with burning material. gled, and cannot attack. Tearing
shot weapon. About the size of a Only immersion in water (followed free of a net requires an action; roll
380
TOOLS
a conflict of Strength + Athletics vampire to whom the ghoul is sacred properties among Kindred.
vs. a pool equal to the total success- beholden will rise from torpor, no Whether or not it was their grave
es from all previous net attacks. matter their state. This rare power in particular, the Kindred who
has been known to force stakes sleeps with a couple of handfuls
Stake Launcher from hearts, bring almost skeletal of s

--- CHUNK 45 ---
uch sacred grave dirt wakes up
Modern SI shock troopers mostly Kindred forth from a near-death the following night no hungrier
fire sharpened wooden stakes state, and even compel vampires to than when they slept. This effect
(retrofitted from regular baton claw through salt covered earth to lasts for a week or so, until the dirt
rounds) from conventional grenade rise once more. becomes inert.
launchers underslung from their
assault rifles, fired at almost
contact-shot range. They do dam- Carved Stones Old Money
age as regular stakes, +0. The tales say that when three In Eastern Europe and Asia, a
stones carved with the names of tradition holds that old, out-of
the Second Generation are placed market money should be burned
atop a vampire’s resting spot, the to ease the passing of the dead. It
Supernatural vampire’s soul moves from their so happens that such cash — usually
. body to that of the individual plac- in the form of coins or old notes —
Equipment ing the stones. These stones are not when blessed by a holy individual
The few items here merely hine ac special in their history, material, or burns any undead it contacts with
the panoply of fetishes, artifacts, origin ~ it is the text on them that Aggravated damage. This odd
and sorcerous impedimenta that matters, which must be etched in form of weaponry is not limited
collect around the Kindred. Many ancient Enochian. What happens to use against Kindred and ghosts,
Elders are old enough to have to the soul of the vampire’s new however, as old money cursed by a
believed unquestioningly in such host is unknown. demon or sorcerer does that same
things in life, and their experiences aggravated harm to the living.
since have hardly disabused them
of such superstitions. Grave Dirt
As befits the mystical and Most vampires receive the Embrace Preserved Blood
dubious nature of such beliefs, the during a passionate event, for Through jealously guarded rituals
exact mechanics (if any) of these better or worse. Their sire drains of Blood Sorcery, it is possible to
tools remain up to the Storyteller. them and feeds their dying body preserve vampire vitae for later
a mouthful of vitae. In rarer cases, consumption. It is often imbued
usually in France or the Balkans, into another liquid, creating a
Ancestor Urn vampires exhume the recently bur- wine-like beverage. Although
A legend among the Ventrue goes ied and feed them vitae. In most expensive and not particularly
that if you possess the ashes of cases, there is no effect and the slaking, the taste and ability to
three direct ancestors and contain Cainite moves on, a grave robbed drink at social functions is worth
them in the same urn, the vam- in their wake. In other, rarer cases, itto many vampires Ml
pire who owns the urn gains great a vampire awakens. To the merce-
power. The vampire is supposedly nary Clan of Death, the stunning \ \ .
never to hold the urn personally feature is not the new Kindred, e:. . ev \ ;
- they need to entrust this role to but the properties of the grave _ Me ¥ ps . 7 ” i @ / “
a ghoul — but whenever a trusted from this time on. Grave dirt that . FAR g cof Pian) > ’ “ -
living hand touches this urn, the housed a corpse risen to life carries ~ ~ . ie Sei ws “Ea ay ar :
2 errant Ser
381 ace » ae a
ye a . PAY ‘os N
LORESHEET
re
nag a aear memcaume 7 | SOC PCT PHOS
: « ae8 ren e : ™ ae to endure and overcome. As Lilith rebelled against God’s
: ~ atts "AR oh ae oes ~f - ma ge something else. Some Bahari lead other Kindred to en-
ae oe ‘ . iy es aa Bie —* lightenment, others become perfected predators. Bahari
* 7 deprecate compassion in favor of fleshly pleasure, tran-
sient love, and strict parenthood over lesser Kindred.
ampire adherents of the Path of Lilith, oth- As a Bahari, you fulfill the role of torturer, student,
erwise known as the Lilin, Lilicu, or Bahari, teacher, or lover to other Kindred. All evidence you have
revere the progenitor vampire as primal femi- seen points to Lilith as the first, usurped

--- CHUNK 46 ---
 vampire. Or per-
ninity. They believe Lilith is the first, usurped haps you secretly adhere to the Church of Caine and gnaw
vampire, the mother who births the vitae, and that all at the Bahari from inside out.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Dangerous Reputation: Bahari @ © @ Sacrifice the Children: The @ © @ @ @ First-Cursed: Lilith’s wor
intimidate vampires not of their order. Bahari believe both in siring childer and shipers maintain that she was the first
Vampire believers in the Cainite mythos sacrifice. Faithful Bahari know the ulti- living being cursed by God, before Adam,
feel uncomfortable in your presence. mate sacrifice is the murder of their own Eve, or Caine. The Bahari strive to emu-
Once per story, you may add two dice childe. If you diablerize your childe, you late Lilith's lesser curse, and in so doing
to Intimidation pools in tests against gain three extra dice in your Resolve + find their Cainite weaknesses lessened.
Caine-worshipers, assuming they know Humanity + Blood Potency dice pool to You retain your clan bane, but you can
of your allegiance. absorb Disciplines (see Diablerie, p. 234). now walk in the first hour of daylight and
final hour of dusk; you can also engage in
@ @ Ritual Scarification: You know @@@@ The Womb’s Blood: intercourse without Rousing the Blood.
pain leads to enlightenment. Specifi- Bahari consider fertility and sex sources However you radiate danger: the equiva-
cally, the Lilitu preach that bringing one's of strength, with some factions placing lent of the Obvious Predator (@ @) Flaw.
physical shell to the extremes of sensa- special prominence on blood or vitae All Social tests to ostracize or slander
tion grants greater insight. Once per taken from the womb. Once per story, you have their Difficulty reduced by one.
session, you may scar yourself with one after drinking blood from the uterus, you Finally, any vampire assessing you with
point of Aggravated damage to recover a receive an additional two dots in either Auspex immediately suffers migraine-like
level of Willpower damage: superficial or Stamina or Resolve (thus increasing headaches; their Resolve and Willpower
Aggravated. Health or Willpower by two) until the drop by half your Resolve (rounded up)
dawn. for one scene.
382
LORESHEET
ong-seen as the Camarilla’s loyal lapdog, Theo's recent defection es : ¥ + *
to the Anarch Movement triggered shockwaves still felt through- \ ¥ : P| 4
out Camarilla domains. It was Theo Bell who served at the whims mod of
of the Ventrue Hardestadt and Jan Pieterzoon for years, even a
begrudgingly taking up arms for the Lasombra Marcus Vitel in recent years. Sf i
It was also Theo Bell who fired the first shot at the Convention of Prague, LY
ultimately causing Hardestadt’s and Pieterzoon’s deaths. s e)
Kindred gossip these nights positions Theo Bell as an unwilling messiah 5 @ ar CS ee
among the Anarchs. He desires no position of leadership; he just got sick of WN 2 Soe , 6
bending over for blue bloods and snapped. His actions compelled hundreds \ \\ —_ Neb.
of Brujah to follow suit, taking out the Princes who long lorded over them lyfe an : Xe,
and forming Anarch bastions alongside the Gangrel. b 2 f ae — 1 . \
Despite his notoriety, Theo still acts as liaison between high-status Camarilla 4 IN
and Anarchs, for the sole reason that he brooks no shit at meetings. He short- “4 1, 1
circuits Sabbat ambushes, quells any Anarch riots, and shuts down Camarilla | al .
extortion and coercion. As a mediator, Theo's judgement cannot be faulted.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Rebel Cell: You command a pack of @ @ @ Contact Information: @@ 0 @ @ Sect Neutrality: Fol-
rebellious mortals and fuel their fire with Whether by dead drop, messenger, or lowing Theo Bell's lead, you have a small
something that keeps them fighting. Per arcane means, you can get word to contingent of a few Brujah loyal to your
haps you feed them vitae or maybe you Theo. Whether he responds, or even vision, and you can influence them in 

--- CHUNK 47 ---
any
embody their ideals. Either way, these re- listens, depends on the message and direction: the Camarilla, the Anarchs, or
bels (a three-dot Ally group equivalent) your earlier interactions, but if he likes even to form a smaller subsect neutral
perform a single dangerous task for you what you have to say, he might be able amidst the Jyhad. You may resent their
without your presence, before disband- to move mountains. The precise game existence or take pride in your following.
ing until the next story. effects of a message to Theo are up to Not mindless disciples, these Kindred
the Storyteller. keep track of favors granted. But until
@ @ True Anarch: You were an An- they rebel against you, you have five dots
arch before Bell led an army of Camarilla @@0 0 Bell’s Circle: Theo trusts to spend among Contacts, Haven (safe
Brujah into the Anarch Movement, and you, perhaps because of your earlier houses), Mawla, and Retainers.
you resent these tagalongs joining the revolutionary actions or manipulat-
Anarchs just as they grow popular You ing your way into his good graces. Bell
have records, names, places, and dates is equivalent to a five-dot Mawla, but
about who the rebels were and are, fed your association with him also has many
to you by the Man or gathered person- drawbacks.
ally. Either way, you get two automatic
successes on any Investigation test con-
cerning vampires who defected to the
Anarch Movement.
383
LORESHEET
ht : . —
Fa ai a = t the beginnings of Christian-
\ a \ N mea = ity, Gnostic heretics and Kindred
‘ : \ ie exchanged information and Blood,
\ : ‘S creating the Cainite Heresy: the belief
\! A aa - . \ { that Caine was the true messiah, Christ was the
| —_— \ ; Second Caine, and Cainites are His angels on
| \ por no i 4 Earth, opposing the wicked Demiurge: the “God”
7 = ~ . : a of the Old Testament. The Inquisition burned the
: ' (ete) . Heresy to its roots in the 15°" century — but roots
. ' 4 ‘ . & f can grow back, watered by enough blood.
LY 4 / The antinomianism of the Anarch Revolt and
‘ \ } dy ‘ the millenarianism of Gehenna’s rising fertilized
4 \ ‘, l Lag the I leresy in the last century. Vampires who use
! - ae | the I leresy to subvert human faiths and Cainites
\ 4 | =, 4 : who truly believe in their divine mission evange-
WA “ " : d lize the Heresy throughout Anarch circles.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Let He Who Hath Under- @ © @ Counter-Inquisition: You @@@@@ The One Named in
standing: The Storyteller will give you can smell True Faith on a human; if Prophecy: You are a linchpin of the
one clue freely to understand, investigate, you need to test to do so, your pool is Heresy's plans: perhaps they consider
or detect the Heresy’s actions or plans, Resolve + your highest rating in Cainite you an avatar of Caine, you possess the
now or in previous centuries. You can Heresy. You might also oppose the only copy of the Testimony of St. Pante-
use this lore once per story. Heresy, and instead use this gift to know leimon, or your vitae is the only effective
who to trust. sacrifice to laldabaoth to propitiate or
@ @ Hand of the Heresy: Take a distract the Demiurge. Every informed
total of three dots from among Alllies, @ @ @ @ Red Celebrant: You know member of the Heresy, and many who
Herd, Mawla, or Retainers to represent the rituals and the specific dosages to simply want to curry favor with the
your role in the city’s Heretical deaco- induce the Red Pentecost in a human Anarchs, know your role. Once per story,
nate. For example, if you took Herd @ congregation: a kind of ecstatic religious you can use this fact to dictate the win-
and Mawla @ @, you might bless a small version of the frenzy. During the Red ner of a Social conflict if you can give a
cult of human worshipers and have a Pentecost, humans act according to their plausible reason for that outcome.
renowned scholar of the Heresy as your worst natures. You can procure enough
teacher: You also have the Dark Secret herbs and fungi for one ceremon

--- CHUNK 48 ---
y per
Flaw (Heresy) in some domains. story; the Red Ceremony requires a
Hunger check and may trigger frenzy in
Kindred participants.
384
LORESHEET
nee Prince of Marseilles ™~ Without the shadow of the Pyramid,
and Primogen of Mil- oN House Carna draws increasing numbers
waukee, Carna ultimately rs = of Anarchs and disenfranchised Cama-
formed her own splinter of. ~ ~ a rilla. Carna seeks no followers, but she
cell from Clan Tremere. House Carna y ~ Cod a recognizes them for their value. Carna
(as other Tremere dub it) speaks for ( / 4 \ didn’t survive 600 years by ignoring
freedom from the Blood Bond and = possible danger; she believes it’s only a
against the tyranny of the Pyramid JN ¥ matter of time before Tremere him-
and the hard-coded misogyny present fi y if self appears to curse her to ash. Until
in the Tremere. Around the time the \ "| / then, she pushes as hard as possible for
Pyramid’s head in Vienna intended to \ a modernization and feminization of
drop the axe on Carna and her band of Clan Tremere.
rebels, the Second Inquisition paid a
visit to the Great Chantry.
-e——H__———>+ Lore +t—H—-
@ Embrace the Vision: You are fully @ @ @ Unorthodox Rituals: Carma Bond, as per the normal Bond. You can
committed to Carna's vision for a new gives of her sanity or her soul to fuel her thus circumvent the Tremere clan bane,
Tremere clan and find yourself pos- magic, instead of divesting her vitae in but the Bond only lasts until the conclu-
sessed of a greater sense of self-belief in Hermetic orthodoxy. Your understanding sion of the story.
the presence of your fellow sub-faction of her process enables you to perform
Kindred.When around other members rituals in the same way. You can perform @@ 00 @ Book of the Grave-War:
of House Carna, you have one additional one known ritual per story without the According to rumor, the tome known as
die for all Willpower tests. need to expend Blood, but on a messy the Book of the Grave-War allowed Carna
critical, you also become deranged in to break her Bond to Clan Tremere. You
@ @ The Rebel Trail: You followed some way (typically becoming intensely own a copy, granting you one automatic
Carna’s trail after her initial breakage paranoid or fearful of blood) until the success on all Occult tests pertaining to
from Clan Tremere, soaking up the end of the story. Gehenna, its prevention, and breaking
feelings of rebellion and freedom. You the shackles binding vampires to their
resolve to never be a Blood slave again. @ © @ @ Reimagined Bond: You elders. The book makes you unbondable
Whenever at risk of becoming Blood have studied Carna's magic and her unu- for as long as you retain it and follow
Bound, you may make a Willpower sual method of reimagining the vinculum, its arcane teachings. However Tremere
test (with a Difficulty equal to the and you can extend the effects of her seek to destroy you and the book; the
Blood Potency of the ingested vitae) to ritual to others. Having sex with a target, Storyteller can also penalize you one die
ignore it. mortal or undead, creates a Blood Bond on any Social or Mental test affected by
between the partner, yourself, and Carna, your ongoing paranoia.
despite Carna's absence. Repeated
sexual encounters strengthen the Blood
385
LORESHEET
“ Z —- - —~
he exploration of blood and a as se 3 7 _ re
its Resonances has spawned a om wee =
rings of Kindred eager for = ne 7 as = ee
knowledge, power, and 4 5 1 ow , ~
profit. The international human traf- y b prety atte F hey
ficking network known as the Circula- ss ~ y : ame cen
tory System smuggle important vessels 5 om aot =
between domains and chronicle the " cr : z we - —=—s a name ¥
powers of the blood vintages they move. - leo : Ss
The Circulatory System care little — —— . .
for the long-term well-being of their
vessels, beyond the dip in profits they suffer when such Your relationship with the Circulatory System may be
kine die prematurely. Many Kindred can look past such asa trafficker, a client, oreven as a 

--- CHUNK 49 ---
former mortal vessel
minor issues to the pioneering studies the System makes turned vampire. You may detest the faction’s exploitative
possible by unlocking new and valuable features of the practices or see their potential and crave a taste of their
Blood. operations.
2 SOOO !_O + Lore dM] ]YNYNMJHNYNT NTN -
@ Tap into the System: Once per @@@ Farm Upstate: You know vans. Whether you're riding up front as
story, you can request specific blood where the System keeps a farm of valu- a legitimate driver or have successfully
vessels from the Circulatory System to able vessels: mortals with blood potent hijacked one of these vans, you may
convey certain abilities — or to provide enough to convey benefits to Kindred arrange secure travel for one or more
for aVentrue who finds their feeding drinkers. You can raid the farm, lease Kindred with little effort.
preference neglected in the domain. specific vessels at cost, or try to muscle
your way in. These vessels are equivalent @ © @ @ @ Blood Sommelier: You
@ @ Little Black Book: You have to four dots of Herd, but you can only know the Circulatory System's secret
come into the possession of one of the feed from them once per week unless methods for taste, analysis, and refine-
System's little black books. These books you overtly take over the farm. ment, and you can replicate them. Per
contain records of blood experiments haps you own a blood laboratory, have
and theories on the power of select @e@e@ @ Secure Transit: The an alchemist or blood sorcerer on call,
vessels’ blood. The Storyteller determines Circulatory System uses armored vans or you just stay au courant on aficionado
the book's accuracy on specific matters; and armed ghoul drivers to transport gossip. You can add two dice to any test
in general, it adds one die to Investiga- vessels from A to B. These protected to discover the Resonance of blood, and
tion, Alchemy, Medicine, or Science modes of transit are more than simple you can select three dots of Contacts,
tests to track down or test a specific security vans; they bristle with weap- Allies, or Haven Merits to explain your
vintage. It also cuts the time to research ons and sometimes contain incredibly knowledge. Once per story, you can ask
a new two-dot or three-dot thin-blood valuable vessels destined for important the Storyteller the properties of the
Alchemy formula in half. buyers. You have access to one of these most valuable vessel's blood.
386
LORESHEET
| '

ou are a scholar of the { ‘i pe j You can recite the names of

Convention of Thorns, at which ta ay & ; vampires who attended, the iterations

vampires of all clans arranged of the Traditions proposed at the con-

the formation of the Cama- | vention, and even know some of the
rilla. Perhaps you descend from one of a : — hidden proposals between clans that
the most important participants who deigned not to join the Camarilla at
spoke up at the convention, voicing their that time. Knowledge of the Conven-
proposals for the new Traditions. Maybe tion of Thorns can still be used to this
you study this historical period avidly, night to apply pressure to Camarilla
in search of higher meaning or under- and Anarchs alike.
standing of the laws that govern Kindred
society today.
-<edsHo—_- + Lore tt +
@ Thorns Historian: The Convention Example pseudo-Traditions might @ @ © @ Prospective Justicar: The
of Thorns was a complex, moving beast include: Kindred in this domain are only Camarilla Justicars first received appoint-
of diplomacy. Hundreds of small meetings permitted one Embrace; all law enforce- ment during the Convention of Thorns.
took place between representatives of this ment is forbidden as feeding stock; No matter your political allegiance,
clan or that, forging pacts that lasted years, combat in Elysium is punishable by Final somehow you (or your sire, if you are
decades, or centuries in some cases. You Death; diablerie is permitted against any far too young) have powerful support to
possess an encyclop

--- CHUNK 50 ---
edic knowledge of the Caitiff discovered in this domain; etc. become the next Justicar of your clan. If
convention's minor meetings, and you can your clan is not one represented widely
call on this knowledge to apply legal pres- @ @ © Convention Secrets: The in the Camarilla, perhaps this appoint-
sures on the participants or their descend- Ministry declined an invitation to join ment signals a sea change among the
ants, where pacts may still be in force but as the eighth pillar clan; the Lasombra sect's clans.
not practiced or revoked without consent rejected the Camarilla when it refused to
of all parties. Once per story, you can ask acknowledge the existence of Antedi- @@@@ © New Traditions: Your
the Storyteller for a piece of known infor luvians. You have uncovered still-more knowledge of the Convention of Thorns
mation regarding the convention. obscure secret proposals from the is such that you can compile enough

Convention: the Cappadocian petition evidence and support to propose a new
@@ Tradition Master: The six Tradi- to join, the Malkavians’ symbol draft, and Tradition, or an amendment to an exist-
tions the Camarilla cling to tonight were more. You can drop enough hints to al- ing one, to the Camarilla’s Inner Circle.
first codified and agreed upon at the Con- ways take a one-die bonus to Social tests This Tradition may be accepted if it
vention of Thorns. Your knowledge of the involving Kindred who were present at sounds sensible and helps the increasing-
convention extends to multiple apocryphal the convention. You also know a number ly strict Camarilla in the world tonight, or
or proposed Traditions, some of which of major secrets, each worth a Major it may mark you as a firebrand and dan-
nearly passed. Once per chronicle, you can Boon to some powerful Cainite. Once ger to the sect. Importantly, your voice
exercise fringe laws in domains where the per story, you can ask the Storyteller for will be heard without prior judgment.
ruling clans may still be sympathetic to the the name of a Kindred who needs your
unaccepted Traditions of Thorns. knowledge.
387
LORESHEET
‘ou know what lit the fires of the First
Inquisition that raged from the Middle
Ages through to the Renaissance. Perhaps
“ an ancestor spoke in fear of those nights.
& Maybe you own texts chronicling those terrible times
4 or you have designs on recreating them by turning the
hte “a church against your enemies.
4 Your knowledge of the Inquisition is such that you
f may have capacity to manipulate the Second Inquisi-
d “c fé tion of tonight, though their methods and some beliefs
») have changed. You know how best to evade the group
: a and how to turn them against your foes. Such actions
do not come without risk, just as your ancestors who
= > attempted the same feat discovered.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Mistakes of the Past: You know @ © @ The Sect of St. James: You @@@ 0 @ Black Spot: You have
Kindred history and can cite chapter and have contacts who consider them- identified a location within your domain
verse of the domains and Princes the selves “old Inquisitors.” The Sectus that the Second Inquisition fears to
Inquisition destroyed in its original incar- Sancti lacomi harbors a deep resent- tread. Once per story, if you or anyone
nation. You can educate any vampire on ment for their fancy modern coun- targeted by the Second Inquisition hides
the Inquisition’s historic dangers. Once terparts, acting with greater fanati- out at this location, the hunters call off
per story, you can ask the Storyteller for cism and suicidal zeal than the more the search. This anomaly seems to be a
one piece of information regarding the controlled Second Inquisition. Their blessing, but it does throw up the ques-
original Inquisition. abbé is a four-dot Contact, whom you tion: What is so holy or unholy about this
can contact once per story. place that it deters the greatest threat to
@ @ Names of the Guilty: Your Kindred tonight?
knowledge of vampire and Inquisit

--- CHUNK 51 ---
ion @@@ @ The Second Act: You have ; ;
relations extends to include Kindred a Contact within the Second Inquisition Ve wen Pl, g) . i =
manipulators. Though most are dead by or the local Catholic archdiocese: a file pen eT ®) Wee Yf Tf NW
these nights, many of their descendants clerk, scout hunter, exorcist, armorer, etc. 4 ~ \ \ i L Sf i i
survive, and they are at risk of blackmail You have no power over them, but you Wy a, ef “fi Va Cat | [
for their sires’ treacheries. Once per know how to pump them for informa- L g WG ay 4 E: |b) Hy |
story, you can ask the Storyteller for the tion — or prime them with disinforma- ey. ae | / oan
name of one descendant of these trai- tion — if need be. \, , Bus ‘/ ] 5
tors in your domain, if there is one. Wy BN: a0) C W\ i
388
LORESHEET
CENA
ost vampires claim it’s a mythical : y ae lot’s followers claim the journey is different
| \ / | state of enlightenment, but some \ ] « AY for every vampire, dependent on their sins.
few claim to have reached the ‘S } What Golconda does to a vampire when they
fabled state of Golconda or know i reach it is also disputed. Some claim it leads to
of others who managed it. Supposedly discovered } \ a state of perfect serenity, while others say it
by an ancient vampire named Saulot, Golconda is A fea ‘ makes a vampire into a cold-blooded shark of
a state of perfect equilibrium between Humanity § ’ , : a predator, no longer susceptible to mindless
and the Beast. A vampire walking Golconda’s path ret \ rage, but just as hungry for blood.
can temper their Beast’s outrage, subdue their Re. “ ‘ i You may bea disciple of Golconda, a fol-
Hunger, and even stand in the daylight, or so it is rs : A t 4 at lower of Saulot’s words, or a Kindred who
said. The gifts accompanying Golconda’s achieve- . . =e t wishes to remove the misleading veil of Gol-
ment are great, and so many vampires make the Lo ‘FP conda from other vampires’ eyes. An elusive
pilgrimage. Few succeed on the journey. : NO ‘ vampire named the Master of Ravens seeks
The route to reaching the state of Golconda is ; to quash the myth of Golconda once and for
has never been accurately recorded. Indeed, Sau- a -- 4 all, and you may serve him in this task.
-e——H__———>+ Lore +t—H—-
@ Seeds of Golconda: You have heard traveled to Asia and returned bearing i ,
of Golconda and can educate others on a third eye and the enlightenment of i e 9 @ ] @ fe) e
its nature without seeming like a total Golconda. You believe in Saulot’s teach- BAD Bier Ae, ie Si
amateur. Once per story, you can ask the ings that Golconda is the ultimate way / “y \\ Li Ais 4 %))
Storyteller for guidance before taking an in which a Kindred can overcome their a ii > No % y ie
action, and they will tell you if that action curse. You practice a dual existence, id i| ees y f
will jeopardize the chance of pursuing allowing your Beast and Hunger off the } nm * mS
Golconda. reins occasionally, so you can achieve i 2 iii
serenity at other times. Whenever you 4 aN 4 La
@ @ The One True Way: You own a willingly succumb to frenzy, make a note; a a
copy of the Master of Ravens-penned you can automatically succeed on your eager
“One True Way:” a treatise on the sup- next frenzy test. Lo - ab, <e morte
posed realities of Golconda. This piece Re Ne —
of work tells you that Golconda is a @ © @ @ Satisfy the Hunger: You do
method to become an apex predator, not need to feed as often as other vam- @ @ @ @ @ Greet the Sun: You know
rather than a spiritually redeemed mon- pires. Your Golconda focus is to suppress Golconda’s secrets. You may be incapable
ster. Once per story, this pamphlet gives your constant Hunger, potentially at the of walking the path forever, but for as
you three extra dice in any Social test expense of other Traits. Your temper long as you do, you can brave full daylight
involving the nature of Golconda. ance acts as an inspiration to many without suffering harm. However, the
other vampires. Once per session, you night after you walk in sunli

--- CHUNK 52 ---
ght, you wake
@ @ @ Saulot’s Disciple: You cling to may lower your Hunger by one (but not in a Hunger frenzy. You can do this once
the ideals of Saulot: the vampire who below one) without feeding. per story.
389
LORESHEET
(VENTRUE CHARACTERS ONLY)
o hear many Ventrue tell it, Hard- aa aaa = q qj
R £. 3 estadt was the most important i” ~
‘a Ventrue for eight centuries, until his f 7
destruction by Brujah rebels led by ee .
Ay — . the betrayer Theo Bell during the Convention :
\ - of Prague in 2012. Hardestadt was the Ventrue |
* founder of the Camarilla, alongside six peers ;
from other clans, and Ventrue credit him with
=
= the sect’s strength and survival since then. | ii
Hardestadt did not Embrace many mortals,
@ and oddly for a Ventrue, he never confirmed his
lineage back to a Fourth Generation Methuselah.
As far as f lardestadt was concerned, he was the
be-all and end-all of the Ventrue. None who
came before or after could hold a candle to his
achievements.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Voice of Hardestadt: Hardestadt @ © @ Ventrue Pillar: Due to your @ 00 0 @ Hardestadt’s Heir:
shouted often, punctuating his remarks prestigious lineage, other Ventrue look You hold in your possession a signed
with fist blows to tables, walls, or unfor- to you for guidance. Regardless of your document in which Hardestadt names
tunate ghouls. Your Blood allows you to Status with other groups, you always you as his successor You're not sure what
speak over any noise and draw attention, have three dots of Status (@ @ @ ) with you are a successor to: mere wealth
whether in a buzzing meeting room or Ventrue. and power,Ventrue kingship, or even
at a rave. Something in your voice allows the Inner Circle of the Camarilla. When
others to hear you.Whether they go on @@@6@ Line to the Founders: you take the name of ‘'Hardestadt,” the
to pay attention depends on what you Hardestadt ensured his entire line could document claims that the Camarilla shall
say. reach him when endangered. He rarely march to the beat of your drum — and
answered communications unless the ensures that the Anarchs will swarm to
@ @ Supreme Leader: Hardestadt's situation was dire, and he punished take you down.
self-confidence as a leader was in many misuse severely, but his method still holds
ways his undoing, but until his Final despite his death. Once per chronicle,
Death, it saw him rise to greatness. You you can call, write to, or arrange a meet-
can convince others to follow you into ing with one of the Camarilla’s founders
deadly situations or command from the in lieu of Hardestadt. Whether they
rear, and you can send subjects to their deign to respond depends upon the
doom to better your position. Once per importance of your request
story, you suffer no penalty to your dice
pool for sending people into danger.
390
LORESHEET
(TOREADOR CHARACTERS ONLY)
FN era = <a } ae
ome claim she dwells in the Americas, Vi, yy, ZB yy f
constantly at war with a rival. Others say she ee Mf Y Y / / wr Wy ;
runs the most popular vampire nightclub i jj fe LAN Ht / Vy [oe & { |
in the world. A few believe she is the clan ba AKG WV j A a @ Sg,
founder’s lover, and that she is in the process of wak- F Oy VA , i | f yy NG
ing the Toreador Antediluvian. AF J; y ) ~S
Beautiful and gifted, it is said none can look away Ag. 7) A, fl ¥ ( / ]
from Helena unless she wills it. Mortals have died eae Pee Ve ai’ i i Ss =\ (
to be the first to witness her artistic creations. Her Xx. the y)) \ \ ji
descendants all display an immense level of talent, V, : } f :
exemplifying the traditional Toreador role. It is a ‘e wy a Za
stereotype few Toreador resent; Helena is a clan icon. / 4 Rl "4
Toreador want to get to know you, so they can get a i A 4 a
licele closer to her. ; ag | ¢
ry 7 + t
-e——H__———>+ Lore +t—H—-
@ Skin-Deep: No matter your stand- @ @ Real Talent: Unlike other vapid You can commit any sin, but you will
ing, dropping Helena’s name in conversa- Toreador relying on their faces and bod- always look inn

--- CHUNK 53 ---
ocent. Add two dice to
tion with a Toreador or a vampire who ies alone, you were Embraced for your your dice pools when making tests to
knows of her effectively raises your talent. Choose one Skill from Craft, avoid blame for your actions.
Status by one dot.You can drop Helena’s Etiquette, or Performance. Increasing
name once per story for this effect, or this Skill costs half the experience points @ @@ @ @ Succubus Club Fran-
more often to make everyone sick of (rounded down) that such an increase chise: Helena succumbed to the
you. would typically cost. Beckoning in recent years, leaving the
Succubus Club in Chicago to a manager
. ‘e@ . ’ @ @ @ Embrace the Stereotype: once again. She bestowed a license upon
sd gF r e ¢ When the time comes, you can play the you to establish a franchised Succubus
2 DD role of shallow Toreador, surround your Club in your domain. This rare honor
%. ys > . yn e@ self with an entourage of sycophants, guarantees the city’s Kindred respond
a ° : r a and throw a party that becomes legend. to your call, as every vampire Embraced
r) wee - . Once per story, you may host a party in the last 200 years has heard of the
® oo % a *» to increase your Status and/or Influence Succubus Club. As long as the club
tha '@. . . . ‘ by two dots with an invited group; the remains open, the Chasse rating of your
. nd . e O) ro _¢@ increase lasts as long as the party does. coterie's Domain increases by two dots.
- ~ = . You also have four dots to select among
an @ wee “ " @ @ © @ Divine Purity: Unlike most Resources, Fame, and Status among all
“ . 2. : ‘. within Helena's extended family, your Kindred.
iad c : 4 ' perfection is more angelic than devilish.
. . \ je
' '
391
LORESHEET
4 he Sabbat and Camarilla have ever-existed at odds, but
oe q A, the war for North America in the 1990S and early 2000S
7 m4 ¥ v. y’ Ma ( cemented the sects as eternal blood enemies.
ma nN 7 In a move to exterminate their foes and cement their
Ns \ fe bs ~ { A i E rule over the continent, the Sabbat slaughtered their way through
i) \\\ a 4 om Ay \ = Camarilla and Anarch domains, mercilessly slaying Kindred and reveal-
\\\\ r - . \\ 4 ing their powers to the kine without hesitation. The Camarilla realized
\\\ j y y it needed to take action, and it formed a strong, militant defense led by
\ t ) such icons as Theo Bell.
wae \\\' 4 \\ \ \\ Though more defensive than offensive, the Camarilla reclaimed
| \ 4 7 * several domains across the American South, though pockets of Sabbat
vee i sal 0 control remain in major cities to this night. Every vampire participant
ty 1 nie Leys has a story to tell of their involvement and the horrors they survived.
Wal’ “a
ed] + Lore tt +
@ Survivor: Your domain, or the @@@ Trophy Kill: Many notable all the best spots in your domain and
domain of a vampire close to you, was vampires fell in the sect war, and to the two adjacent domains for launching an
scourged during the sect war You can Archons and Templars participating in ambush, hiding from attackers, restocking
recount how the Sabbat and Camarilla the war, taking down a “name” on either a militia, or making contact with merce-
strategized, how they warred in the side became a matter of competitive naries. Add two dots to your Domain's
city without alerting mortals, and the pride.Whether by luck or design, you Portillon, and add two dice to relevant
names of the fallen vampires caught in are responsible for one such vampire's Streetwise, Larceny, and Stealth pools in
the middle. Once per story, you can ask death. You may wear this badge with two neighboring domains.
the Storyteller for a piece of information pride or stifle the rumors, but either way,
relating to the sect war in your domain. the vitae coats your hands. Once per @@ 006 Sect Agitator: Some
story, you can use this legend to bypass vampires exist only to cause bloodshed,
@ @ Active Participant: No mat- a contest where it might assist, just as and you count yourself among that
ter the sect, the war pull

--- CHUNK 54 ---
ed in many the Storyteller can always use it to send number Individuals such as Lucinda of
vampires. Even independents served as enemies after your head. the Camarilla and Francisco Domingo
mercenaries or suppliers for one or both de Polonia of the Sabbat spoiled for war
sides. many vampires were pulled into @@@@ No Vampire’s Land: and were left hollow when it concluded.
the sect wan You have the scars to show Kindred hit-teams on either side of the You know all the trigger points and the
for your participation. Your own sect may sect war ranged from domain to domain correct fuse to light in order to spark
regard you as a war hero; the other as a and then back across old ground as the a new sect war It may be localized to
war criminal. Take three dots of Status or defenders rallied. This Great War-style a single domain at first, but once the
Mawla to reflect your position or that of push-and-pull of conflict led to some flames start, you can fan them to extend.
one of your comrades. vampires obsessing over domains and Add two dice to all your pools for Social
their hidden sanctuaries, armories, tunnel tests to inflame sectarian tension.
networks, and side streets. You know
392
LORESHEET

ampires of a certain | ~ ay a of disparate beliefs and practices

age remind their i | x q a ‘4 se " could exist in harmony, shattered.

peers and descend- ART i] Pz f. Yo Some still cling to the dream

ants of the Golden f wf. : i 3 and hope for the Trinity’s resur-
Age of Constantinople, where the — f 4, by thal rae rection in some form, You may
Trinity of Michael, the Dracon, \ . tl i . . ms “w- still believe the Dracon can
and Antonius held sway. These itd J ‘ i snl x " be brought back to his former
three philosophers, a Toreador, j | ag ag ger 1 enlightenment or that one of the
Tzimisce, and Ventrue respec- i, Ay Ne m) /, new trinities of Constantinople
tively, organized and upheld the |B i iS ‘Se aE if or Istanbul hold the key to the
vampire utopia of Constantinople. t ry "A Be ie ay i 4 domain’s growth and revitaliza-
A combination of the Crusades, } ie Sk F A fei t ‘ tion. Conversely, perhaps you
a Methuselah’s mania, and Setite is mer, gc — £ \' study the disciples of the Trinity
corruption tore the coterie apart. Vim? _ x | with wary eyes, preparing to
Ultimately, the Dream of Con- (i iw a VF q take down a colossal threat to all
stantinople, in which all vampires SI eee ee 4 J Traditions.
= eds—JHO 3+ Lore ot 8-
@ Constantinople: Outside the @@ @ The Dream: for a millennium, Trinity, the grieving Dracon fell silent for
Ashirra, vampire tradition refers to Istanbul the Trinity practiced Michael's Dream: a many centuries following Antonius’ mur
as ‘Constantinople. You are one of the few vision of vampire utopia. Michael encour der Rumors whisper that the Dracon
who know why. Constantinople repre- aged all vampires in Constantinople reemerges now, with unclear intent. You
sented everything possible in a city where to learn and seek enlightenment, grow count yourself as one of his disciples,
vampires shared ideas and discussed distant from the Beast, and become and likely know how to find him. He
philosophy without falling to carnage. Once something beyond mere predators. You counts as a five-dot Mawla, assisting with
per story, you can ask the Storyteller a are a modern exponent of the dream, spiritual and Discipline matters.
question about Constantinople's past and recognized as a Speaker of the Dream
be given an accurate answer, in your city. You can add one die to any @@0@ 06 The New Trinity: One

Insight dice pool when testing to gauge night, Michael's Constantinople will be
@@ Antonius’ Architecture: another's Beast. You inspire and calm reborn, and you shall assist at the birth.
Renowned for his architectural skills, both souls; once per story, you can spend You know this not from fragile ego, but
political and physical, the Ventrue Antonius a Willpower point to allow another from certain prophecy. You, along with
built the struct

--- CHUNK 55 ---
ure that held Constantinople vampire to re-roll up to three dice when two others who complement your skills
together To some, he fathered the Primo- resisting frenzy. without mirroring them, will rebuild Con-
gen ideal. You study Antonius’ methods; stantinople in a new city — no matter
you can add two dice to any Politics dice @ @ @ @ The Dracon: Of the Trinity, what you must do. If you earned them
pool when making a test involving domain only the Tzimisce known as the Dracon on the path to bringing about the New
government. Once per story, you can me- survived Constantinople’s fall. Passion- Trinity, you can remove up to five Stains
diate and calm any court debate, quashing ate and wise, the lover of both Antonius per story before making a Remorse test
violence with action or profundity. and Michael, and spiritual guide for the (p. 239)
393
LORESHEET
ince its revival, Chicago’s Suc- f 4 never appear in the same club.
cubus Club has had only one io } Only the Malkavians closest to the
rival for nightclub of the dead: he /| Voermans know Therese and Jean-
The Asylum in Los Angeles. é a 3 % ette is the same vampire: two distinct
The Voerman sisters run the joint, or “ \ personalities sharing the same body.
joints, as the Asylum franchise now Ki ih Some say she bore this condition as a
appears in regnae across America, Asia, \, af mortal, while others claim there were
and Europe. < : two sisters, but one killed the other.
Famous for both their enterprising 7 \ SN \ Other rumors whisper about another
natures and combative personalities, 7 HSS. y sister, who acts as an imprisoned thrall
the Voermans loathe each other despite 1 to the Malkavian. I lighly volatile, the
their success. In L.A., to “do a Voerman” y Voermans prove that Malkavians can
is to make a member of your own cote- \ , \ be as inspired and prosperous as any
rie a sworn enemy. Therese and Jeanette \ Toreador or Ventrue, but many Anarchs
now run separate Asylums, one in Santa ) anticipate the moment that Therese and
Monica, another in Hollywood. They f Jeanette go to war with each other.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Asylum Membership: You never in the day chamber of any Asylum club @@@@@ Asylum Operator: Jean-
need to wait in a queue for entry to if you require (if Jeanette is there, she ette or Therese permit you to franchise
the Asylum, you always have one of the insists you do), use the club to host your an Asylum club in your domain. As long
best seats in the house, and as long as own parties, and ask for favors small and as the club remains open, you have four
you don't fuck up, you may hunt there large from the Anarch Baron. Jeanette dots to spend on Haven, Herd, Re-
once or twice per session (Difficulty 2) counts as a four-dot Mawla, but only for sources, or the Chasse of your Domain;
without any ruffled feathers. the purposes of Malkavian and Anarch depending on your club's focus, which
dealings. may be changed over time. Whether the
@ @ Performing Monkey: Jeanette club is an Elysium is up to you.
and Therese know you as a reliable as- @@ 0 @ Therese’s Favorite: Ther
set, and they frequently subject you to ese Voerman, the upright, strict member
missions ranging from serious investiga- of the Voerman family, respects and
tions to flights of insane fancy. Although values you. Her business-oriented mind
dangerous, they are generous, and they does not allow her to expend the Asy-
repay any boons incurred. lum’s resources on your luxury, but she
speaks up for you in any regnum where
@ @ @ Jeanette’s Favorite: Jeanette an Asylum is present, and can school you
Voerman, the wild child of the Voer in business and finance if you require it.
man family, adores you, pets you, and She counts as a three-dot Mawla.
flirts with you. Though she arguably is
the less stable of the sisters, she's also
the more generous one. You may stay
394
LORESHEET

indred debate when exactly the Week of Nightmares fell, with

some claiming it landed just prior to the turn of the millennium, 

--- CHUNK 56 ---
y

while others conflate it with the supposed commencement of

Gehenna. In truth, the “Week” of Nightmares sprawled across + yg
years, sweeping up several thousand vampires in its wave. During the Week, b, f
an impossibly ancient vampire arose and purged its own clan: the Ravnos. : 4
Thin-blooded vampires emerged with omens and portents as the Red Star, i
Anthelios, blazed in the night sky. | . .

You witnessed the mania of the Week of Nightmares and survived it, w,
manipulated the chaos to your own advantage, or you studied the actions of SS A
those who did. Now you watch for signs of dooms to come. :
— pS —— Lore +——_________—_&- y ; h
@ Oral History: You have heard and line. Your reputation as a survivor and Z : ]
told the tale of the Week of Nightmares on-the-spot veteran of the Week of 1
countless times, and you know exactly Nightmares grants you Status among ‘a
what to embellish and which parts to Kindred historians, occultists, Ravnos, and ‘
conceal. Your telling of the tale is popular in Gehenna cultists alike. Once per story, 1 i
Elysia, where you are sometimes invited to you can use this Status to earn a minor i
speak as historian and entertainer: Impor boon from one of those groups or from
tant Kindred from all over come to hear a prominent courtier in the domain with \
your retelling. Add three dice to Perfor a sudden interest. 4 %
mance dice pools to tests to tell the story. % a as { 4 ——
@@ 0 @ The Red Star: Anthelios Red 5 }
@ @ Ravnos Remains: Prior to the (NASA designation 28978 IXION), ee % y
Week of Nightmares, the Ravnos were called Wormwood, harbinger of Gehen- “Fa 5
a clan — now, they have little more than na, still glows in the sky — to your eyes, ba’ Cas | Ae y
a bloodline. You know some Ravnos at least. You believe it looks back at you, ~ ~
remnants and perhaps share their grudge changing you somehow. Once per story,
against the Gangrel who left them to an- you can either reduce your Hunger to a Before he died, he drained vitae from all
nihilation. You have three dots of Mawla rating of two or gain a die to the pools his clan, driving them to frenzy and canni-
representing this group of contacts. They of one Discipline for a night by staring at balism in his death throes. Thick, sentient
carry news and warnings to you, and can the star for 10 minutes. ropes of his vitae stained the ground in
perhaps be convinced to cast mighty illu- Bangladesh where he fell. The noonday
sions once per chronicle, but association @@@ 0 @ Blood of Zapathasura: sun did not destroy it all. You own a small
with them is frowned upon, if discovered The Ravnos Antediluvian met Final vial containing the Blood of the Ravnos
Death in July 1999 at the hands of Antediluvian. What you do with this vitae
@@@1 Was There: You didn't just parties unknown, armed with advanced is up to you, and what it does to anyone
hear about it, you were on the front weaponry and the power of the sun. who imbibes it is up to the Storyteller.
395
LORESHEET
new player on the Kindred scene, Gangrel kept out of havens and feeding grounds
Rudi commands an impressive fol- by sprawl, stands up for female Kindred in
lowing as an Anarch representative cities run by traditionally misogynistic elders,
for the oppressed and repressed and encourages the adoption of progressive
minorities in vampire society. Though his con- norms over tradition wherever possible. Some
cerns extend to kine as well, his recent entry might think Rudi’s combination of practicing
into Kindred existence has shown him that Islam and unabashed queerness contradictory,
the fights mortals must undertake for equality but few challenge the “Bear Gangrel” with this
are just as pressing for immortals. \ notion.
Rudi’s nightly life hasn’t changed much Fast becoming the animale du jour, Rudi
since the Embrace. He still makes his haven in wins fellow discontented Kindred over with his
Copenhagen, still hangs with the same friends, targeted approach against elitists and Camarilla
and still attends the

--- CHUNK 57 ---
 same clubs. He has only hardliners. Some European Princes fear he will lead
expanded his concerns; in addition to advocating a crusade in years to come, in an attempt to level
for fellow mortal minorities, he now champions the establishment.
= ed>—HJo + Lore 2H >
@ Newfound Rights: Flush with the that you stand for Gangrel rights in your whenever attempting to rouse Anarchs
success of the Gangrel clan's independ- local domains, for good or ill. Gangrel and disenfranchised mortals against the
ence from the Camarilla, like Rudi, you react well to you; add one die to Social establishment. Members of the Bear
find this freedom energizing. Once per tests involving them. Although this Pack are feared throughout Camarilla
story, when striking out against or decry- reputation means that you speak for domains, which might be both bane and
ing the establishment, you can reroll any many, it also means that some hold you boon, depending on who you talk to, and
one Skill test dice pool. responsible for the actions of many. You if they recognize you.
can organize convocations and discreet
@ @ Them and Theirs: When support- truce meetings between Gangrel and @ © @ @ @ Rudi’s Army: Rudi's Army
ing the disenfranchised or persecuted, Camarilla representatives with a success- comprises outsiders of all clans, all
you are the resolute champion. Perhaps ful Charisma + Politics test (Difficulty set mortal colors, and creeds. You hold sway
you believe vampires can only persist by the Storyteller). over an arm of this “paramilitary” force.
successfully when supporting each other, You can call them to act against mortal
or you believe a pack is only as strong @ @ @ @ The Bear Pack: You are, or immortal governments in many ways,
as its weakest member, but at great or were, a member of the Bear Pack: from staging peaceful protests outside
self-sacrifice, you defend others. When a hardcore Rudista Kindred who double a governor's home to organizing rallies
Touchstone of any member of your co- as howling orators and fierce combat- against the leaders of oppressive groups.
terie comes under threat, your ears prick ants. (Consider your fellow Bear Pack Large, unwieldy, and potentially danger
up and your hair stands on end. a three-dot Mawla group that actually ous, your brigade of the army gives you
likes getting in fights.) Once per story, six dots to split among Alllies, Influence,
@ @ @ Gangrel Advocate: As Rudi these modern revolutionaries, includ- and Contacts, that can be directed — but
does in Northern Europe, many believe ing yourself, gain one automatic success never controlled.
396
LORESHEET
(BRUJAH CHARACTERS ONLY)
Lge ae =]
very aspiring Brujah rebel worships Tyler — ae . ‘J Y} U Bs Adi
once known as Patricia of Bollingbroke —and i 1. Ti) y cy to FG
going by many names since. Her revolutionary ae ? v ia (fe a
violence against tyrant elders and insidious Pr feo 54
Methuselahs irrevocably changed Kindred society and Ny J “ee, SM
inspired the Anarch Movement. Tyler herself doubts that 4 , yy / ik \\ &, *
her actions led to effective praxis, but her childer and Os fl} is 4 A NSN , NY
clanmates compare her to everyone from Robin Hood, to | , - Ni Ah A i r& = P
Malcolm X, to Che Guevara, to Gavrilo Princip. | ee aS 7 > Z oe
Tyler still exists: a quiet, studious rebel in these nights. ig ‘ i , c P =
With centuries of reflection, she struggles to reconcile her Zz Fh a —~
actions with the results of modern nights. Her descend- 4 ae Lo
ants continue the fight with the hopes of uplifting her to * e <a :
her destined greatness one night. RAL sr
i O.~ we ; D
5 oe * 8 - ai “$94 £8. YS wn ie
cae ete 6g DOS EO Reg 4S
we Lore og me a Oy ce oe : tae
@ Instigator: Once per story, when- of violent revolution. Once per story, your collaboration with the Storyteller.
ever you attempt to persuade a mortal when frenzying, you may at any point Furore assets can only be used when
crowd into violent action, your hot- take a Brujah Compulsion (p. 210) to im- attempting to 

--- CHUNK 58 ---
take down a Prince, unfit
blooded nature adds two dice to your mediately cease the outburst. You do not Baron, or vampire of higher station.
dice pool to do so. suffer any confusion or tiredness after Misuse makes you a target of the Furo-
an interrupted frenzy, abruptly snapping res and their unknown operatives.
@@ Champion of the Cause: When back to Humanity.
vampires want a leader for a rebellion, large @@@0¢@ Permanent
or small scale, they come to you for advice @@@ © The Furores: Tyler's Revolution: You have already taken
or leadership. They might even listen to philosophies first emerged among a down one sect figurehead. You now lead
your words, and providing your advice is historic vampire group known as the an army of revolutionaries to sweep the
not completely ridiculous, might even defer Furores, dedicated to the destruc- board in the neighboring regnae. For as
to your authority.You add two dots to your tion of all Kindred tyrants. This group long as you keep fighting and are not
Status with them during such rebellions, still exists in secret, and you claim found to be indulging in the luxuries of
but you might find the numerous contacts membership. When the time is right station, Anarchs stop to listen to your
gained before a rebellion more valuable (once per chronicle), the Furores arm every word, and Brujah Anarchs do
and certainly less dangerous. you, provide you with sanctuary in a exactly as you say, including embarking
regnum where they have influence, and on suicide missions. No rolls are required
@@@ Tyler’s Mercy: You know activate assets in the target domain if your speech is strong and argument
when to stop. Tyler recognized when the as surprise Allies (available within one convincing enough.
Sabbat went too far with her Anarch ide- scene). The Allies add up to five dots
als, and you likewise recognize the limits of Effectiveness; the rest depends on
397
LORESHEET
(NOSFERATU CHARACTERS ONLY)
Sa a Il of Clan Nosferatu knows their great archi-
: : tect Zelios as a master planner, mason, and
; scholar of geomantic power. Though he disap-
peared beneath New York in the 1990s, he left
a behind libraries of books, plans, and treatises on the power
= of location and sacred geometry.
ty Zelios’ descendants continue his good work, instruct-
ae ing other vampires on the building of havens, dungeons,
a prisons, and labyrinths. They can supposedly sense ley lines
j P and, for a price, advise Princes where to locate havens at
; these epicenters to ensure both armor and power from the
a { earth and stars.
A
aw
= ill eee
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Sanctuary: Your haven is a wonder @ @ @ On Commission: Other vam- @ © @ @ @ Sense the Ley Lines: You
of modern design, possessing security in pires know you descend from Zelios occasionally glimpse throbbing red
the form of secret passages, electronic and ask for advice on how best to build tendrils snaking through the earth: ley
security, and even a self-destruct button, their own havens. This business ensures lines. Vampires who make their havens
all while looking stylish and comfortable. you often have a boon or two to collect where these vessels converge find their
Split two dots between either or both of (roughly one minor boon per story) and Hunger grows more slowly (when mak-
the Haven Merits Postern and Security that you know where a number of pow- ing a Rouse check for awakening, roll
System, but someone, somewhere likely erful vampires sleep — which, in the end, two dice and pick the highest) if they
has all the details of the setup. probably does you more harm than good. sleep there by day. Ley lines have other
powerful magical effects — secrets you
@ @ Saboteur: You instinctively know @ @ @ @ The Labyrinth: You used can research along lines the Storyteller
where a building's weaknesses are, and Zelios' work to construct a labyrinth indicates — and your fellow Sewer Rats
you don't even require explosives to beneath your domain, made in part with harshly punish dis

--- CHUNK 59 ---
closing anything about
destroy it. With maul, crowbar, cable, and sewers, disused drains, cellars, basements, such secrets.
cold chisel, and as many nights on site as and maintenance tunnels. You added your
the difficulty the Storyteller sets for the own chambers, dead ends, and connec-
building (i.e. four for a family home, six tions to form a true underground maze.
for a bank, eight for a prison, nine for a Only those you tell know of your laby-
skyscraper), you can collapse an edifice rinth. You cannot treat the labyrinth as a
like a house of cards. Haven, as it terrifies you, but if you reach
it when chased, no one can pursue you.
398
LORESHEET
(MALKAVIAN CHARACTERS ONLY)
‘asantasena and her Malkavian sire Unmada traveled the world ¥
throughout the Middle Ages, preaching against the Blood Bond. F 3
They rejected the vinculum, traditional Kindred hierarchy, and all q j }
loss of free will. Ultimately, they condemned the Antediluvians for J,
their cruel tyranny through Jyhad, joining the Sabbat during its formation. ie ¥,
As the Camarilla had, the Sabbat rejected her cause, instituting both hierar- . ' f
chy and ritual enslavement through vitae. She eventually rejected them in turn, a f ~S mn *
assembling a faction of Malkavians to embrace freedom from the Sabbat. i T . S ms ‘
Vasantasena’s descendants are many and varied, and all of them followed r Bids oP ss
her from the Sabbat before the sect’s recent, bestial devolution. Some joined jot Wh bi
the Camarilla, others the Anarchs. All possess the zeal and charm she wields iy ‘a ‘
like a knife. All fight for something. en, ,
4 ia
—-)—_ > Lore <———_________—_&- f a 4.)
io d “al ih
@ Agent of Chaos: You thrive while offspring. Such was her power that iW g , i naa ’
everything around you burns or spins she could smell the Bond on individual 7 ae!
into catastrophe. In turbulent situations, vampires and recognize the same odor } , -
such as an unusually chaotic and unpre- on the vampire Bonded to, or Bonding, i Mes
dictable combat, a car chase through them. Once per story, on a successful ati: 7a
a crowded city, or when fleeing an Resolve + Awareness test (Difficulty 4), ee
exploding building, once per session, you you can do the same. j a
may re-roll a single die without spending a i ed
Willpower. @ @ @ @ Destroy the Bond: Vas- % ga :
antasena's greatest act is the destruc- x :
@ @ Hear My Words: You carry tion of the Blood Bond. Some say she w a
your ancestor's skills of persuasion, performed this act many times in recent Hh
finding your voice speaks to the Blood years among the Sabbat, in part leading aa :
of others before it reaches their minds. to their rapid degeneration. Once per
Once per story, if you attempt to story, you too can remove the Blood Sabbat. Once per story, you can depro-
counsel others in a chaotic environment Bond imposed on a victim, if you drink gram a vampire from their sect beliefs. To
and they actually stop to listen, they may a mouthful of the thrall’s vitae and then do so, you must completely isolate the
re-roll one dice pool in one future test ride out a frenzy. subject and make an extended test (p.
during the same situation. 293) of either Intelligence or Charisma
@ @ © @ @ Sabbat Becomes + Insight in an atmosphere of specialized
@ @ @ Scent the Bond: Vasantasena’s Camarilla: Vasantasena achieved the perfumes. Roll once per three nights of
loathing of Blood Bonds was part of the impossible and showed her descendants disputation; you win after achieving a
reason she targeted the Antediluvians how it was done. Alien, inhuman phi- number of successes equal to twice the
and the ties they maintained with their losophies locked most vampires into the subject's Willpower.
399
LORESHEET
an

hough formally { I listorically, the f ligh Clans

abandoned with were Lasombra, Toreador,

the rise of the Tzimisce, and Ventrue, though

Camarilla, some Brujah and some of the Clan
clans still consider themselves a. & of Death clung to the epithet.
“t ligh,” compared 

--- CHUNK 60 ---
to their peers / In various parts of the world,
among “Low Clans.” You are the members of the High Clans
a vampire from a f ligh Clan, ns change to include the Banu
convincing you that you have Hagim and Ministry, and rarely,
certain rights to bully and the Tremere.
order those of Low Clans. These As a High Clan vampire,
rights can only be pushed so your clan bane is, to your mind,
far, of course. less a curse than a blessing.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Peacock: You are proud of your clan's @ @ @ Elevate the Low: Some quirk you, or they allow you to take high
status as High, and you carry yourself with of your bloodline or an ancient Prince- responsibility (and power), unless you
all the pomp and circumstance befitting ly decree allows you to proclaim the have created a personal grievance
a vampire of noble station. Once per ascendancy of one Low Clan in your between you.
session, you may re-roll a single die when city to High Clan status. You can do
attempting to command deference from this once per chronicle, but of course, @@ 0 0 @ Blessed, not Cursed:
one non-titled vampire in your domain. you can promise to do it “eventually” Like many vampires of the High Clans,

for quite a while first. Until then, add you have convinced yourself that you
@ @ Sway the Low: The High Clans one die to Social tests against Low bear no Curse of Caine. Rather, your clan
once sat upon thrones, ordering Low Clan Clan Kindred when you allude to this weakness is a blessing that reveals more
vampires to die for them on battlefields possibility. to you about your nature, your position
and subjugate themselves in court. You still on God's Earth, and the areas in life you
possess the ability to persuade vampires @ @ @ @ Embraced to Rule: Vam- must strengthen. Once per session, you
of Low Clans more easily than you do the pires of the High Clans often opted may spend one Willpower to ignore the
vampires of High Clans. You have bullied to Embrace mortals of noble birth burdens of your clan bane.
the equivalent of three dots of Mawla into or powerful ancestry. Your ancestors
a loyal, abused retinue of Low Clan vam- may not be kings and queens, but you
pires. You gain three extra dice to pools were Embraced to rule. Add one die
using Intimidation or Leadership against to pools for Leadership tests involving
those Kindred; if you ever roll a total fail- High Clan vampires who know your
ure on such a test or contest, you need to lineage. Once per story, other vampires
compensate them, or they turn on you. of the High Clans defer to voting for
400
LORESHEET
, ou come from one of the clans histori-
* cally identified as “Low,” though in your
} * y¥ domain, it’s less past than present-night
fact. You labor under the weight of a
/ 5 heavy curse, heavier (you might argue) than those of
> High Clan vampires.
: Your geographical region determines which clans
4 } " the eldest vampires still consider Low, but uniform-
{ t ly, the Gangrel, Malkavians, and Nosferatu fill chat
‘ st ; bracket, with Brujah and Tremere also occupying
d ‘ that position in various domains.
f =" h . a Your status as a Low Clan Kindred marks you as
Z ' o—" \ \ less than your peers, but you are still a prominent
source of rebellion and counter-culture. You have
access to the bottom rungs of society, and all the
benefits and drawbacks that come with it.
-e——H__———>+ Lore +t—H—-
@ Thick Hide: Often denigrated by @ @ @ Uncanny Kinship: Due to @ 0006 Criticality Incident:
those who name themselves “High,” your persistent persecution from the High Your influence among Low Clan vam-
ambition and independence do not falter Clans, vampires of Low Clans feel pires can let you tip the scales of power
with belittling words and snubs. You do inclined to stick together: You often medi- in your domain — if you choose. Add
not respond easily to base provocations. ate between Low Clan disputants, and one die to all your pools for Projects
Once per story, you can shrug off verbal you see the merit of the un

--- CHUNK 61 ---
derworld's undermining High Clans in your domain.
barbs for a scene without needing to Kindred banding together against the he- Once per chronicle, you can sacrifice up
make a test. gemony of the High. You can select three to 10 of your own Background dots to
dots from among Mawla or Status from bring down the same number of High
@ @ Cursed with Pride: |n some other Low Clans in the domain. Clan Kindred in a coup.
cases, the Low Clans take great pride in
the severity of their banes. For example, @@@ @ Trade Among Equals:
some Nosferatu believe their hideous For all their suffering, the Low Clans
appearances are a mark of glorious benefited from their adversity in one
monstrosity, instead of something to key way — they taught each other their
be hidden. You have learned to use powers. This collaboration may not be
your clan bane as a weapon, gaining an true in all domains, but this old tale still
automatic success on one roll per story holds in yours. You may select one Low
when incorporating your bane into an Clan's Discipline and buy dots of that
action. Discipline, using experience points as if it
was in-clan for you.
401
LORESHEET

mbrus Maropis rarely ’ and culture. Embraced in his late teens,

leaves his opulent apart- - Ambrus is, at heart, an introverted fan

ment in Cyprus to meet of anime, gaming, and online roleplay-

the public, yet his reputa- ing, with an elaborate online persona.
tion as a trend-setter and Masquerade- m= Ambrus uses this persona to sell soft-
protector spreads widely throughout A SS x { ware and information he hacks; advise
Kindred society. The Toreador who 2 on the best security methods stolen
know that Ambrus isa Nosferatu = {/ from governments and corporations for
loathe the vampire’s popularity. His ¢. f Kindred to utilize; inform Elysia about
disciples, akin to superfans, act as go- _— 7 emerging musicians, entertainers, and
betweens to Princes and Barons while s trends; and make himself an invalu-
he remains forever hidden. able resource to Camarilla and Anarchs

Ambrus has a reputation as a vam- who want to appear more human than
pire on the cutting edge of technology human.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ True Believer: |f Ambrus has @ @ @ Taught by the Best: As one Ambrusite abandoned in a hurry. Either
taught you anything, it’s that the of Ambrus’ disciples, you are provided way, you can only log in once per story
Camarilla is right and the Masquerade is with a ready supply of intel on topics for security's sake, but it gets you two
essential. You follow his edicts on security from Second Inquisition operations automatic successes on any Investigation
and subterfuge religiously, granting you to the fashion in Harajuku tomorrow test involving anyone's cell activity or
knowledge of the best shared Kindred night. Ambrus can also time-lock in- online presence.
hiding places in a city, providing a one-die formation in the Dark Web or set you
bonus to tests to find such a place. You up with your own Ukrainian hacker @@@@@ On Another Grid
may not have access to this bonus if at “friend prices.’ Consider Ambrus a Entirely: Ambrus went all out with
the domain is typically opposed to your three-dot Mawla ( @ @ @). your false identity. You have two two-dot
political or philosophical view. Mask (@ @) cover identities and have
@ @ © @ Back Door Panopticon: been Zeroed (p. 192). You get three
@ @ Clandestine Information: You Ambrus hooked you up with a back extra dice to resist attempts to research
can use a digital dead drop to request door into PRISM/NUCLEON surveil- you online or uncover your activities in
a hack from Ambrus’ fan community. lance software, tracking and sorting the mortal world.
Once per story, you can get one piece online communications (including cell
of information stored online about most phone calls) for keywords and names.
mortals within two to 20 hours. Or perhaps you stole it from him or
found it on a machine in a safe house an
402
LORESHEET

esperate elders seek- Her friendly

--- CHUNK 62 ---
 manner, natural

ing ways of staving curiosity, and abilities as a polyglot

off Gehenna and the make her a natural choice to debrief

Beckoning increas- a Methuselah just awakening from
ingly seek out the Brazilian-Irish torpor, investigate a ruined temple,
Toreador archaeologist Carmelita or interpret a captured Sabbat scrip-
Neillson. She unearths the past and ture. Believing that art need not be
interviews Kindred, chronicling a ina frame or museum to be admired,
vast array of vampire history and Carmelita strongly feels the greatest
conversations with vampires as old art, one ignored by Kindred for so
as two millennia. The Camarilla long, is the storytelling of their own
forbids her from archiving any of kind. A gifted storyteller and writer,
her findings electronically, so she Carmelita’s skills appeal to many Tor-
has established several “Neillson eador who wish to break the “pretty
Libraries” in discreet locations. and talentless” stereotype.
-9JJH_——————>+ Lore tH 3-
@ The Art of Story: You and @ © @ Neillson Library: Carmelita secret. Whether Carmelita knew of this
Carmelita share the belief that story- Neillson’s small libraries dot the world recording and gave it to you or some-
telling is one of the lost art forms. in Camarilla domains, serving as hives of one made the recording in secret, the
Whenever regaling other vampires with information used to prompt and sup- information in the interview gives you an
historic lore or tales of myth and legend, port elder vampires’ memories. You are advantage over the vampire in the clip
Toreador naturally gravitate to hear the curator or warden for one of these and the clan discussed. Interestingly, the
your words, regardless of your standing libraries, which counts as a two-dot voice following Carmelita’s at the end of
toward each other. Haven (@ @) with a two-dot Library the tape mentions further recordings.

(@ @). Other vampires and Kindred
@ @ The Art of Will: A specific objet historians meet there as well, which has @@@@ 6 Ancestor’s Tomb:
d'art or relic, entrusted to your safekeep- both advantages and downsides. Carmelita has entrusted you to guard
ing by Dr. Neillson, inspires and enthralls the supposed resting place of one of
you. If you spend an hour meditating on @©@0@@ Interview With the your ancestors. As long as you keep it
this object (and make a Resolve + Aca- Methuselah: You have obtained a safe, you can call upon her for a major
demics test at Difficulty 5) before resting recording of Carmelita interviewing an boon once per story. Should you fail to
for the day, you awaken with one extra impossibly old vampire who divulges keep it safe, there will likely be... other
Willpower point. You can meditate in this secrets about one of the clans in your consequences.
way once per session. domain. Once per story, you can ask the
Storyteller to provide you with such a
403
LORESHEET
MW i =
f | eS se
‘hen the PD i 3 . | . Moving up through NGOs
Lasombra ; : & ae ~ ‘S F and the UN, she knows
\ x / reasserted > ca , at t.5 : everyone worth controlling
control ~ . “ 4 ; vi / in the Davos elite. Her sire
over their old religious . < 3 Yok targeted her for her contacts
power centers, the Ventrue _ . “* & 4 list and discovered her
responded by expanding a by Machiavellian political and
their influence in the new eS f é business acumen.
nobility: government and A fresh power player in
multinational corporations. the Camarilla, many elders
With global political pull, Fiorenza Savona keeps the clan and ancillae consider her a mere “new money” Ventrue.
relevant and dangerous — at the center of global power. Their wiser clanmates know her actions sway councils,
Hard-nosed and unafraid to tell another vampire to corporations, and individual mortals possessing real
take a running jump, Fiorenza worked hard as a mor- power. Where her predecessors focused on vampire poli-
tal and continues to do so as a Kindred to ensure that tics, Fiorenza believes the key to Kindred longevity lies

--- CHUNK 63 ---
 in
wealthy and powerful vampires remain in their positions. the manipulation of the living.
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ On Fiorenza’s List: Fiorenza ing with Fiorenza can be lucrative and her to their will. If you accept, you submit
knows who you are, which either informative, if you ask her the right to a Blood Bond and have your memo-
means she thinks you're an asset to the questions. ries of the Directorate's identities erased
clan or a problem. Consequently, she — but you receive six dots to select from
has assigned a Gifted mortal (p. 185) @ @ © Friendly Benefits: You were among Contacts, Mawla, and Resources.
Retainer — bodyguard, driver, butler, close to Fiorenza before she became Of course, you could approach Fiorenza
etc. — to you, though they remain in "the next big thing" in Clan Ventrue, and and offer to work as her double agent.
her employ. They make no secret of this friendship pays dividends: she can
spying on you and reporting back to smooth over ruffled Ventrue, provide @@@ © @ Government Motion:
Fiorenza, and they never drift far, even you with insider trading tips, loan a Fiorenza owes you a favor — once per
if dismissed. If the mortal is harmed Gulfstream equipped with polarized chronicle, she agrees to influence a
or killed, Fiorenza makes a note that windows and pre-cleared flight plans, etc. mortal political leader as you request. Her
you're not to be trusted, but if your If you overuse or misuse this connection, suggestions equal five dice to distribute as
conduct is good, you move further into the equivalent of a three-dot Mawla you like among any roll involving govern-
her good graces. (@ @ @), she cuts you off without ment action. If you create a major political
hesitation. disturbance or otherwise act to reinforce
@ @ Breakfast with Fiorenza: Fiorenza's ‘suggestions,’ the Storyteller
Despite her high-profile role, once @@ © @ The Directorate: The may add other dice based on your plan
per story Fiorenza will make a space shadowy Ventrue Directorate ap- and on how well you succeed at it.
in her busy schedule to meet with proached you. Concerned about
you. Maybe you have dirt on her or Fiorenza’s meteoric rise, they chose you
perhaps you are close friends. A meet- to approach her, suborn her, and break
404
LORESHEET
(TREMERE CHARACTERS ONLY)
lan Tremere is a hollow reflection of its former Ps f A at
Cc glories. With the Pyramid decapitated and its lead- f s i p |
ership scattered, Tremere traditionalists look to one 3 bs a 3
vampire for authority: former Justicar, Karl Schrekt. € - * Das . >
A legend within his own clan and the Camarilla, Schrekt 4 t 4 ~~ 4
hunted vampires before his Embrace in 1235. For centuries, he ; 2 i. ae J
acted as the Camarilla’s weapon against the Sabbat, Anarchs, . Se & ~
and occult menaces. He suppressed or destroyed lore regarding 5 ! 7 > +. f ?
Antediluvians, eliminated countless threats to the Masquer- - , ' j
ade, and did it all without mercy. He earned his share of at \
disciples, but few enemies. Those he got, he killed. j 4 ¥ , , p 1
Now he’s one of the eldest Tremere remaining. Y \ f , a)
Schrekt’s descendants largely follow their ances- 4 » ¥ 4 | \
tor’s hardline clan and sect views: enforce the Traditions, Fr . — , i '
strengthen the clan, and hide the secrets of Blood magic 4 se . _!
from other vampires. AVE
-e——H__———>+ Lore +t—H—-
@ Remember the House: Once per @ © @ Ritual Preparedness: Allegedly, @ @ @ @ @ Know the World: Kar!
story, you can ask the Storyteller for one Karl Schreckt prepares all of his rituals Schrekt believes knowledge is power and
piece of information regarding the activi- in advance and keeps several such-pre that vampires who limit their learning
ties of House Tremere or the clan before prepared rituals about his person at all to the study of fellow Kindred are fools.
its grievous injury. times. Once per story, you may perform Whether Schrekt's puppet or nemesis,
one of your rituals in five minutes, you agree with his assessment and keep

--- CHUNK 64 ---

@ @ Hardliner: Schrekt's way is the only without preparation, having done all the archives on werewolves, magi, wraiths,
way forward for your clan. You follow preparations beforehand. fae, and other weird entities. This col-
Schrekt's laws fanatically. With the Story- lection equates to a three-dot Haven
teller’s agreement, add two dice to any @ @ © @ Archon’s Bane: You find Library (pick three suitable specialties of
dice pool when testing to resist attempts Schrekt's targeting of supernatural enti- Occult), although you might not store
to sway you from Schrekt's goals. ties deplorable, and you have formed a your reference materials in your haven.
tight bond with a member of another Also once per story, you can ask the Sto-
. supernatural background. You have a ryteller to answer any simple question
i , . four-dot Ally: a mage, werewolf, wraith, related to such creatures.
¢, 5 ss t.@ changeling, or something even stranger
. wR + 3
- ° "e@ ‘ou must keep your friend safe, as they
oe . : 9 are being hunted. Once per story, they
a ‘ . + %e come to your aid within one to ten
% (, . “re hours when called.
. .
. mot - . ‘
Cm) - @ *
°
08° «7 .
® .* r 405
LORESHEET
(GANGREL CHARACTERS ONLY)
obody, even fellow Gangrel, listened to Xaviar the first time
he spoke. It took marching into a convocation of the Cama- 4 : \ .
rilla’s biggest players for other Kindred to take notice of him. 7 4, 49 4 Kw
He spoke of interacting with one of the Antediluvians and f Ww
seeing his entire coterie eaten alive by this mythological creature. He ac- ; oN \
cused the Camarilla of perfidy against its members and cast aside his role : Jf A — ;
of Gangrel Justicar. ‘ aed ° i 4
News travels slowly among the Gangrel, as a clan with little hierarchy od . a ™ ‘> "
and lacking an effective communication network. Slowly, Gangrel followed ’ a
Xaviar out of the Camarilla, some becoming Autarkis, while more ulti- , *
mately joined the Anarchs.
Gangrel now share a communal guilt for their initial disbelief of m,! - =
Xaviar’s claims and slow reaction to his proclamation, as he met Final ue
Death soon after. Few know if the Camarilla or some other agency slew the 7 ‘
mighty Gangrel, but all know their ancestor was wronged. Now they take 4 Sou
up his torch and attempt to bring the Gangrel into truth’s flickering light. : :
-eJH—_—————>+ Lore +t—H_3-
@ Martyred Ancestor: Other Gan- loyalty, the local Camarilla Prince awarded @@@@@ Experienced the
grel treat you with the respect they took you status, feeding rights, and territory, Antediluvian: Xaviar was not the
too long to afford Xaviar. Despite any amounting to four dots you can distribute only Gangrel to sink into the ground and
personal grievances, you can always find among Domain, Herd, and Status. Non- find himself inside his clan founder's vast,
sanctuary with other Gangrel, if any are Camarilla Gangrel despise you, and even inhuman form. You have done the same,
present in your current domain, at least Camarilla vampires of other clans pity your and the experience changed you. You
until you insult them grievously. With solitude, but you guarantee yourself a voice are now a little mad, likely suffering from
them, you have two dots of Status (@ @). among the Primogen, should any rebel paranoia or claustrophobia. Whenever
Gangrel pass through your domain. you call your encounter to mind, you
@ @ Where the Bodies Are feel your veins rooted to the ground,
Buried: Xaviar's experiences with @@ © @ Monstrous Bat: Xaviar's connecting to every other Gangrel in the
melding through earth, blood, and vitae preferred bestial form was once that of a world, Once per story, you can sense any
left a mark on his lineage. Gangrel of bat, but following his encounter with the Gangrel's location and drain a thimbleful
his line can make a Resolve + Aware- Antediluvian, he found his form capable of vitae from them to reset your Hunger
ness test to detect whether a vampire of changing into a hybrid between hu- level to 2. You must be touc

--- CHUNK 65 ---
hing open
has merged with the earth or lays tor man and bat. Once per story when the ground, not concrete, to use this ability.
pid beneath the soil. Difficulty depends moon is just right, you can take the same
on the area you have to search. form.This man-sized bat has an extra dot
in all Physical Attributes and can glide in
@@@ Loyal Hound: You resisted the the air from any height. Biting in this form
winds of change, remaining with the Cama- adds +| Aggravated damage to mortals
rilla despite your clan's actions. For your and vampires alike.
406
INDEX

A Blood Leech 176 Competence Dragon's Breath Fortitude 258
Abstracted scene 291 Blood Of Potency 273 Assumption 352 Rounds: 380 Freeform 291
Academics 168 Blood Potency 215 Composure 156 Draught Of Elegance 254 Frenzy 219
Addiction 180 Blood Sorcery 271 Compromised 189 Draught OF Fury Frenzy 220
Advance 296 Blood Surge 218 Compulsions 208 Endurance 259
Advanced Conflict 295 Bloodthirsty SherifF 375 Compulsion Severity 311 Draught Of Might 265 G
Advantages 179 Blood Walk 276 Conceal 262 Drawing Out The Gangrel 69
Adversary 193 Blush OF Life 218 Concessions 295 Beast 247 Gangster 371
Aggravated Damage 126 Bond Famulus 245 Conflicts 123 Dread Gaze 267 Gear 378
Airborne Bonding 180 Consensualist. 177 Drive 160 Generation 214
Momentum 287 Bond Junkie 181 Contacts 185 Dyscrasia 227 Ghost In
Alleycat 175 Bond Resistance 181 Conventional ‘The Machine 262
Allies 184 Bondslave 180 Weapons 379 E Ghoul 372
All-Out Attack 298 Branded By The Convention OF Earth Meld 270 Ghouls 234
All-Out Defence 298 Camarilla 182 ‘Thorns 387 Earthshock 265 Golconda 389
Amalgam Powers 244 Brawl 160 Convictions 172 Eat Food 182 Grappling, 301
Anarch 38 Broken Corrosive Vitae 272 Effectiveness 185 Guard Dog 373
Anarch Comrades 183 Social Scenes 324 Coterie 139, 195 Elder 140
Anarch Brujah 65 Cover 302 Elysium 51 H
Revolutionary 374 Brutal Feed 264 Craft 160 Enduring Beasts 258 Hafla 380
Ancestor Urn 381 Craft Bloodstone 276 Enemies 184 Hardestadt 390
Ancilla 140 Cc Creepy 189 Entrancement 268 Hard Extended Test 294
Animal Dominion 247 Caine 47 Crippling Injuries 303 Envelop 285 Harpy 374
Animalism 244 Cainite Heresy 384 Critical Success 120 Escape To True Haunted 189
Animal Ken 164 Calcinatio 284 Critical Win 120 Sanctuary 280 Haven 188
Animals 373 Called Shots 302 Essence Of Air 278 Haze 285
Animal Succulence 246 Camarilla 37 D Etiquette 164 Healing 127
Antagonist Camarilla Contact 183 Dagon's Call 278 Experience 130 Health 119
Expenditures 375 Cama 385 Dark Secret 187 Extended Contests 294 Heart Of Stone 281
Antagonists 370 Cascading Test 294 Daunt 267 Extended Tests 293 Heightened Senses 249
Antediluvians 47, 214 Catenating Blood 183 Day Drinker 183 Extinguish Vitae 273 Helena 391
Archaic 180 Cat’s Grace 252 Day Watch 198 Extra Skills 145 Herd 190
Archon 49 Cauldron Of Blood 274 Dead Flesh 183 Extreme Cold 221 Hidden Armory 189
Armor 304 Celerity 252 Decapitation 221 Eyes Of Babel 277 Hidden Compulsions 311
Ashirra 51 Cell 189 Defense OF ‘The Sacred Eyes Of The Beast 269 High-Functioning
A Taste For Blood 272 Cerberus 197 Haven 279 Eyes Of The Addict 180
Athanor Corporis 284 Champions 197 Deflection OF Wooden Nighthawk 279 Hooks 351
Athletics 159 Chaoscopes 378 Doom 278 Hopeless Addiction 179
Auspex 248 Chapter 116 Defractionate 286 F Horse 373
Automatic Wins 120 Characters 133 Defy Bane 259 Faerie 377 Humanity 236
Awakening 219 Character Creation 135 Degeneration 239 Faith Hunter 371 Humanity Track 239
Awareness 168 Charisma 156 Dementation 256 Fame 186 Hunger 205
Awe 267 Chasse 195 Descendant OF Fang Gang 198 Hunger Dice 205

Checks 123 Hardestadt 390 Farmer 177 Hunger Frenzy 220
B Childer 140 Descendant Far Reach 284 Hunting 306
Baal’s Caress 274 Choleric 226 Of Helena 391 Feral Weapons 270 Hunting Grounds 308
Baby Teeth 182 Chronicle 117, 139 Desire 174 Feral Whispers 245 Hunting Party 198
Bagger 176 Chronicle Tenets 172 Despised 187 Final Death 223
Bahari 382 Circulatory System 386 Destitute 188 Finan

--- CHUNK 66 ---
ce 168 I
Bat 373 Clairvoyance 251 Dexterity 155 Fire 221 Illiterate 179
Bear 373 Clan Compulsions 210 Diablerie 234 Firearms 160 Illuminate The
Beautiful 179 Clan Curse 183 Dice Pool 8 Firewalker 279 Trail Of Prey 277
Beckoning 37 Cleaver 176 Difficulty 18 First Inquisition 388 Impairment 126
Bestial Failure 207 Clergy 371 Directed Freeform 291 Fist Of Caine 266 Impostor’s Guise 263
Bestial Temper 182 Clinging OF Discipline Affinity 184 Fixatio 284 Incendiary Weapons 379
Bird OF Prey 373 ‘The Insect 276 Disguised Weapons 379 Flamethrowers 380 Incorporeal Passage 280
Bite 213 Cloak Of Shadows 261 Disliked 187 Flaws 179 Infamy 187
Blankbodies 363 Cloak ‘The Gathering 263 Distillation Methods 283 Fleetness 253 Influence 187
Blink 253 Close Combat 301 Distillation Roll 283 Flesh Of Marble 259 Inquisitor Delta 372
Block 297 Cloud Memory 256 Dodging 125 Folkloric Bane 182 Inquisitor
Blood Bag 212 Commando 197 Domain 195 Folkloric Block 182 Investigator 372
Blood Bond 233 Communicate Dominate 254 Formula 283 Insight 165
Blood Cult 197 With Kindred Sire 277 Dots 18 Fortify The Inner Intelligence 156
Bloodhound 182 Compel 256 Downtime 291 Facade 259 Intensity 227

407
RULEBOOK

Intimidation 165 Mist Form 271 R Spotlight Scene 290 Traits 18
Investigation 169 Modes Of Play 291 Ranged Combat 125, 301 Spotlight Traversal 253
Iron Gullet 182 Modifiers 120 Rat 373 Distribution 356 Tremere 93
Irresistible Voice 268 Molotov Cocktail 380 Rationalize 257 Stains 239 Trinity 393
Items 378 Mortal Frailty 183 Raufoss 380 Stake Bait 182 ‘True Faith 222

Movement In Regency 199 Stake Launcher 381 Truth Of Blood 277
J Conflicts 298 Relationship Map 142 Stakes 221 Turn 15
Jeaneete/Therese Multiple Opponents 125 Reliability 185 Stalkers 194
Voerman 394 Mythic Merits And Remorse 239 Stamina 155 U
Justicars 49 Flaws 182 Repulsive 179 Star Magnetism 269 Ugly 179
Jyhad 48 Resilience 258 Status 194 Unbondable 181

N Resolve 157 Stealth 164 Uncanny Grip 265
K Neonates 140 Resonance 226 Stigmata 182 Unerring Aim 254
Kindred Intimacy 310 Net Gun 380 Resources 193 Story 117 Unliving Hive 246
Known Blankbody 192 Noddist Bishop 375 Retainers 194 Storyteller 40 Unseen Passage 261
Known Corpse 192 No Haven 188 Riding ‘The Wave 219 Streetwise 152

Nomads 198 Ritual Roll 274 Strength 155 Vv
L Nosferatu 81 Rituals 274 Stunning 179 Vampiric Mending 218
Laboratory 189 Notorious 194 Rouse Check 211 Substance Use 179 Vampiric Resilience 184
Larceny 163 Rousing Subsume ‘The Spirit 247 Vanish 262
Leadership 165 oO ‘The Blood 211 Subterfuge 166 Vegan 181
Leisure Skills 145 Obfuscate 260 Rudi 396 Success 118 Vehme 199
Lethal Body 264 Obvious Predator 190 Summon 268 Ventrue 99
Library 189 Occult 170 S Sunbag 378 Vitae Dependency 183
Lien 196 One Roll 296 Sandman 177 Sunlight 221
Life Event Skills 145 One-Roll Conflicts 298 Sanguine 226 Superficial Damage 126 Ww
Lifelike 184 Organovore 181 Sbirri 199 Supernatural Wake With Evening’s
Lightning Strike 254 Osiris 177 Scene 6 Equipment 381 Freshness 276
Lingering Kiss 267 Scene Queen 178 Surgery 189 Ward Against
Linguistics 179 P Science 171 Surprise 300 Cainites 280
Living In ‘The Past 180 Performance 166 Scorpion’s Touch 273 Survival 164 Ward
Location 189 Persuasion 166 Sery The Soul 249 Against Ghouls 277
Long Bond 181 Phlegmatic 226 Sect 140 T Ward
Long-Term Plumaires 199 Sect War Veteran 392 Tainted Blood 310 Against Lupines 279
Compulsions 311 Police Detective 371 Security System 189 Taking Half 123 Ward Against Spirits 278
Looks 179 Politics 170 Sense ‘The Beast 245 Teamwork 122 Warding 190
Loresheet 151, 382-396 Portillon 196 Sense The Unseen 249 Technology 171 Warding Circle
Luxury 189 Possession 251 Series Test 294 Telepathy 252 Against Cainites 282

Postern 189 Session 16 Terminal Decree 257 Warding Circle
M Potence 263 Session Zero 135 Terror Frenzy 220 Against Ghouls 278
Magician 377 Powers 244 Shaft Of Belated Dissolu- ‘The Forgetful Mind 257 Warding Circle
Majesty 268 Predator Types 175 tion 281 ‘The Four Humors 226 Ag

--- CHUNK 67 ---
ainst Lupines 280
Malkavian 75 Predator Pools 307 Shapechange 270 Theft OF Vitae 274 Warding Circle
Maneuver 297 Premonition 249 Share ‘The Senses 250 Theo Bell 383 Against Spirits 279
Manipulation 156 Presence 266 Short Bond 181 The Prelude 138 Warding Circles 275
Maréchal 198 Prestation 314 Shunned 194 ‘The Second Inquisi- Wards 275
Margin 121 Prey Exclusion 181 Shunned By The tion 39 Watchmen 199
Marks 322 Primogen 51 Anarchs 183 ‘The Unfettered Heart 271 | Watchmen (Haven) 189
Mask 192 Prince 51 Silence Of Death 261 Thin-Blood 109 Weapon Ratings 304
Mask Of A Thousand Profane Hieros Simple Test 117 Thin-Blood Week OF Nightmares 395
Faces 262 Gamos 285 Siren 178 Alchemist 184 Weight OF
Mass Manipulation 257 Professional Skills 145 Sites 333 Thin-Blood Alchemy 282 ‘The Feather 269
Mawla 192 Protean 269 Skill Pool 8 Thin-Blood Flaws 182 Werewolf 376
Medicine 169 Prowess 264 Slaking Hunger 211 Thin-Blood Merits 183 Werewolf Blood 376
Melancholy 226 Prowess From Pain 260 Soaring Leap 264 Thrown Weapons 301 Wight 375
Melee 163 Punctuated Social Combat 304 Tick Words 292 Willpower 122, 157
Memoriam 311 Freeform 293 Spark OF Rage 265 Toreador 87 Win At A Cost 121
Mending Damage 218 SPC 40 Torpor 223 Wits 156
Mesmerize 256 Q Specialties 159 Total Failure 122 Wolf 373
Messy Critical 207 Quell The Beast 246 Spectre 377 Touchstones 173
Metamorphosis 271 Questari 199 Spending Willpower 158 Toughness 258 Xx
Methuselah’s Thirst 181 Spirit’s Touch 250 Trackers 119 Xscopes 378
Minor Actions 298 Split Second 254 Traditions 51

408
A
ppendix I: Standard Feats
Characters often attempt the fol- ivory carving might require Dex- ficulty dependent on the system’s
lowing relatively common activi- terity or Resolve. Plastic arts use security (4 for decent corporate
ties during play. The specific dice Craft as the Skill; performing arts security, 6 for secure databases, 8+
pools and rules provided here exist use Performance; architecture and for the NSA). If the character rolls
solely to guide the Storyteller. literary arts use Academics. a total failure, they alert security
The Storyteller always determines Art conveying a secret mes- to their presence. In some chroni-
which dice pool a player builds to sage (e.g., forbidden love, political cles, hacking may be resolved as a
attempt any feat or action, and samizdat, occult codes) uses the conflict.
they can always change it to better “encoded” Skill (e.g., Insight, Poli- Most hacking in the real world
serve the narrative. tics, Occult) but requires a higher is social engineering: convinc-
rating in the “surface” artistic Skill. ing an administrative assistant to
The quality of the work de- re-enter their password online,
Mental Feats pends on the number of successes sending phishing emails, or just
These systems cover tasks involving the artist achieves. A messy critical buying a bunch of passwords from
the three Mental Attributes: Intel- might betray vampiric origins to a Ukrainian malcontent. Those
ligence, Wits, and Resolve. Mental a knowledgeable onlooker or oth- hacks use different pools (Manipu-
tests can provide you with infor- erwise fails spectacularly; a clean lation + Subterfuge or Intelligence
mation about things your character critical might be worth a boon. + Streetwise, for example) and total
knows but you do not, and to failure attracts a different sort of
determine if the character knows COMPUTER USE exposure.
something that you do know. Older Kindred have long thought At the end of the day, what
computers spell nothing good, exactly can be accomplished by
ARTISTIC CREATION and with the Second Inquisition hacking and how long it takes is up
Some vampires were artists, musi- behind every screen, they have to the troupe and depends heav-
cians, or poets in life, and desper- doubled down on their technopho- ily on the level of realism in your
ately husband their creative spark bia. That said, computers remain as games.
through the endless nights. Others essential as they are dangerous

--- CHUNK 68 ---
, and
attempt to clothe their muse with clever fledglings still know that CONCEALMENT
inhuman glories. Camarilla courts better than their elders. Disguising one’s haven, cleaning up
compete in art as in all things, burt Many Skills simply require blood stains, disposing of bodies,
even an Anarch street gang prides (or assume) basic computer use; camouflaging Elysium — the Mas-
itself on MC skills or murals of Investigation, for example, hardly querade rests on concealment.
occult graffiti. functions in these nights without Camouflage in nature or
Normally, players can have a few database searches. Academ- burying a body outside undetect-
their characters create various ics and Science likewise comprise ably uses Intelligence + Survival as
pieces of art to their heart's con- at least a quick Google or JSTOR its pool. Urban camouflage uses
tent, but in some cases, when they trawl. Other Skills function on a Intelligence + Streetwise, although
wish to accomplish something with computer just like they might off it some vampires get creative and use
their art, such as impressing some- — lying in a bar and lying in a chat Academics (Architecture) or Craft
one, it might be prudent to roll. room both involve Subterfuge. (Interior Design) to make one
The Attribute in the pool var- I lacking into a computer building appear like another.
ies: Intelligence is most common, system by writing or deploying Building false compartments or
but a clever satire might use Wits code script to subvert it uses Intel- secret chambers uses Intelligence +
or Manipulation, or a delicate ligence + Technology against a Dif Craft (Carpentry) or Intelligence
409
RULEBOOK
+ Academics (Architecture), if you honed by long training, or fogged PREPAREDNESS
trust your workforce. Cleaning by rage and blood-scent. Nothing slows the game down
up a murder scene tests Resolve + Build most perception pools more than a lengthy inventory
Larceny; concentration and focus with Awareness as the Skill. The scene in which players list every
are essential, if you want to remove Attribute varies depending on conceivable item or object they
every drop of DNA. whether the perceiver notices may need for the night’s activities.
The result of your concealment something in the moment (Wits), The preparedness test avoids this
test becomes the Difficulty for any- recognizes something (Intel- scenario by allowing players to test
one trying to spot what you have ligence), or picks something out during the session to see if, they
hidden. of a cloud of distraction or detail remembered to bring something
(Resolve). “You hear a sound” uses along or pick it up earlier.
EXPLOSIVES Wits; “You hear the guard com- Characters need not roll for
From IEDs by a desolate roadside ing” uses Intelligence; “Despite signature items: the gun-happy
to an impromptu Primacord crypt the alarm going off, you hear soft Brujah brought their pistol, the
opening, explosives can play a footsteps behind you” uses Resolve. sneaky Nosferatu brought their
dramatic part in the unlife of the Feeling a puff of air from a lockpicks, and so forth. Everybody
modern vampire. secret door likely uses Wits; spot- has the normal sorts of things
Creating explosives uses Intel- ting an ambusher in camouflage people might have in their pockets:
ligence + Science. Building a bomb likely uses Intelligence, noticing a cell phone, pocket knife, pencil,
uses explosives (made or sourced) very small detail after long study or what-have-you. This test covers
as well as Intelligence + Technology likely uses Resolve. The Storyteller slightly outré or unusual things:
(or Craft, for old-school bombs should ask how much the action rope, a shovel or other larger tools,
made of clock parts and colored depends on instinct or sensory acu- extra burner phones. The less likely
wires). ity vs. memory or recognition vs. the item, the higher the Difficulty
The pool for using a pre-made pure mental focus. the Storyteller should set.
bomb or explosive depends

--- CHUNK 69 ---
 on its Resolve also applies in general The Attribute for a prepared-
purpose: blowing a safe or breach- to detecting supernatural signs ness test is Intelligence; the Skill
ing a wall uses Intelligence + Lar- amidst the mundane information should relate to the item or its
ceny; controlled demolition uses surrounding them and to notic- use in some way. Roll Intelligence
Intelligence + Science (Engineer- ing qualities in blood (or Blood) + Firearms to have brought a
ing); setting a car bomb uses Intel- despite the distractions of I unger. silencer, Intelligence + Craft to re-
ligence + Technology. Just tossing a Tests to perceive a living target member a wrench, or Intelligence
grenade or a stick of dynamite is a use the target’s Stealth as the base + Occult to produce a tarot deck
regular throwing action (see p. 301). Difficulty. For contests of percep- from the folds of your trench coat.
A total failure on any roll with tion vs. sneaking, see Sneaking
explosives may cause an accident, (p. 415). RESEARCH
ruin the materials, detonate the Specifically searching a crime The pool for a research attempt,
explosive prematurely, or result in scene for clues or evidence uses whether it’s scouring an archive or
something else at the Storyteller’ Intelligence + Investigation. Other paying a human grad student to
discretion. Skills may encompass dedicated look it up, is Intelligence + the rel-
perception tests as well; spotting evant Skill (not just Academics or
PERCEPTION a disease symptom on a human Science but anything from Finance
The vampire’s senses may be keenly uses Intelligence + Medicine, for to Occult). The character still has
attuned to their surroundings, instance. to direct the grad student, after all.
With the advent of the inter-
410
APPENDIX
net, finding out basic facts or even ecring equipment lowers Difficulty The Difficulty depends on
fairly recondite information has by -2 or more. all those conditions, alone or in
never been easier; the Difficulty combination. By and large, each
for almost any mundane research Falling Damage possible complication (speed, ma-
test is 3 or 4 at most. Very obscure, Falling characters sustain one level neuvers, traffic, weather) adds +1 to
occult, or deliberately concealed of Superficial damage per meter of a standard Difficulty of 3 (with a
information increases the Dif- uncontrolled fall. Landing on one’s light, responsive vehicle) or 4 (with
ficulty. That sort of research often feet (negating the damage) requires a heavy, unwieldy one). An extreme
requires an extended test; a clean a Dexterity + Athletics test at a version of any complication adds
critical uncovers the needed fact Difficulty equal to meters fallen. +2 to the Difficulty. Failing the roll
faster or leads to an unsuspected slows or even stops the driver.
secret or trove of facts. DRIVING A complete failure under such
Nobody needs a Drive roll to oper- adverse conditions might mean a
TRACKING ate a vehicle normally. The pool crash or spinning out.
Unlike shadowing (p. 414), tracking when you do need a test depends
requires you to follow physical on the nature of the complication; FEATS OF STRENGTH
evidence in the wild — footprints, driving at high speed, making com- Storytellers should feel free to
blood smears, bent blades of grass plex maneuvers, or evading traffic set a Difficulty to perform any
—to finda target. The tracking requires Dexterity + Drive; weather given feat of strength based on the
dice pool is Wits + Survival; the that makes it hard to see the road character's Strength Attribute, and
base Difficulty equals the target’s isa job for Wits + Drive. completely ignore the chart below.
Survival. Inclement weather and
; ; , STRENGTH FEATS DEADLIFT WEIGHT (kg)
elapsed time since the target’s |
Wa “at | Crush a beer can 20 (Christmas tree, stop sign)
passage also modify the Difficulty sss
-ds. Extra successes provi 2 Break a wooden chair 45 (toilet)
upwards. Extra successes provide EN
more information about the q

--- CHUNK 70 ---
uar- 3 Break down a wooden door 115 (manhole cover, empty
. . . coffin, refrigerator)
ry: rate of speed, estimated weight, oo
- ~ 4 Break a wooden plank; break down a 180 (full coffin, empty dump-
number of people followed, ete. .
standard interior door ster)
5 Break open a metal fire door; tear 250 (motorcycle)
. open a chain link fence or chained gate
Physical Feats So
. . . 6 Throw a motorcycle; snap handcuffs 360 (tall steel street lamp)
These systems cover actions involy- 7  filrceracmdlensmpapale: dOtecs) |
. . . . ip over a small car; snap a padlocl jorse
ing the three Physical Attributes NE one
+ . oe reak a lead pipe; punch through a ‘telephone pole, gran
(Strength, Dexterity, and Stamina). . PIPE: PI 8 : (telep Pr 8
. > oe . brick wall piano)
These feats typically require a test. CG na po” BE ee pan
- “ 9 Punch through concrete; break chains; 545 (tree trunk, small plane)
rip open a car door
CLIMBING *
Lim rr 10 Rip open a steel pipe; bend an |-beam —_ 680 (speedboat)
Climbing usually requires a test Rn Lu ULE 6A BLL ””t*”d
£D. on A hl ‘tI if th I Overturn a car; punch through 2.5 cm 910 (Predator drone)
of Dexterity + Athletics. If the thick sheet metal
climber rolls a total failure, they -
© er POMS 2 FC “ oy 12 Break a metal lamp post; throw a 1.3 metric tons (police
either get tangled and stuck or fall, wrecking ball helicopter, sports car)
at the Storyteller’s discretion. 13 Overturn an SUV; toss a sports car 1.8 metric tons (police car)
Vampires using the Uncanny 14 Overturn a bus; rip open a vault door 2.25 metric tons (empty ship-
Grip power (see p 265) to accom- ping container; SUV, pickup
plish most climbing tasks without truck)
a test. Using ropes and mountain- 15 Overturn a truck; toss an SUV 2.75 metric tons (Humvee)
411
RULEBOOK
The usual pool for lifting or smash- Whatever the test, it needs If the race pits two roughly
ing things is Strength + Athletics; to succeed on the first attempt equally matched characters (or
for throwing heavy things, the against active security, or the vehicles) or the slower party has
Storyteller might use the worst of intruder sets off the alarm. Most some countervailing advantage
Strength or Dexterity + Athletics. commercial buildings or large (helicopter overwatch, knowledge
Prowess (Potence 2) generally adds public facilities like museums, have of the Cairo bazaar), resolve the
to feats of strength. Difficulty 4 or 5 security systems; pursuit as a basic contest.

For Storytellers who prefer bank vaults and secure facilities A vehicle chase uses Wits +
hard-and-fast numbers (and slight- shelter behind higher Difficulties. Drive for its dice pool, given the
ly weaker vampires), this chart A government building might have | importance of keeping the quarry
provides the minimum Strength Difficulty 4 alarms and locks on (or pursuer) in sight.
needed to deadlift various weights the front door but a Difficulty 6 A foot pursuit contest uses
or perform feats of strength secure wing — with a Difficulty 8 Athletics for the Skill. The At-
without a test. Characters of lower hazardous materials vault inside tribute in a foot pursuit varies
Strength may use a Strength + that. Some systems simply can’t be depending on the type of chase:
Athletics Attribute test to affect cracked with low Larceny ratings; a long marathon run might use
heavier weights than their Strength for example, Larceny 1 lets you Stamina, a sprint over a few blocks
ratings allow. pick a Yale lock but not defeat a uses Strength, and a multi-level

Lifting is all or nothing — if you keypad or crack a safe. parkour pursuit over the rooftops
fail the roll, nothing happens. At Setting up a security system of Mumbai uses Dexterity.
the Storyteller’s discretion, drag- uses Intelligence + Larceny. Add Depending on the nature of a
ging an object may be easier than the margin from that roll to the chase, many pursuits can benefit
lifting it; increase the character's Difficulty to penetrate the system from teamwork if more th

--- CHUNK 71 ---
an one
effective Strength by 1 in such a and to the the watchers’ test to character is chasing a target (or can
case. spot a sneaking attempt (p. 412). plausibly distract a pursuer).

Intrusion requires proper tools Players that want more drama
INTRUSION (lockpicks, circuit bridgers, etc.) from a chase can run it as a con-
Intrusion covers breaking and to avoid a Difficulty increase of 1 flict, where the combatants inflict
entering, evading physical security (improvised tools) or 2 (credit card damage on each other (represent-
devices, picking locks, cracking and a bobby pin). At the Storytell- ing things barged into or short,
safes — and preventing others from er’s discretion, characters may be fleeting bursts of combat) using
doing the same. Intrusion feat able to use Intelligence + Technol- their pursuit pool. Any combatant
pools almost always use Larceny as ogy to penetrate purely electronic may concede the chase at any time
the Skill. security systems at +1 to the Diffi- (allowing the quarry to escape, or

The Actribute in an intrusion culty. An Intelligence + Technology the pursuer to catch up). Use the
pool depends on the precise task test isa likely prerequisite for such level of hazards in the environment
in the spotlight; picking a lock or heist staples as tapping into the as weapon damage.
dodging a laser sensor uses Dexter- closed-circuit camera feed or hack-
ity + Larceny, while cracking a safe ing into smart building software. SHADOWING
or bypassing an alarm circuit uses One character shadows another by
Intelligence + Larceny. Noticing a PURSUIT keeping them in sight, ideally with-
hidden camera might require Wits Vampires may have to pursue their out being noticed themselves. The
+ Larceny; breaking a lock cleanly prey or flee from hunters or wit- pools used vary considerably with
might use Strength + Larceny (and nesses. who knows what — as long as the
maybe Potence). shadower isn’t spotted, use Wits +

412
APPENDIX

Awareness vs. the target’s Resolve character’s Wits + Awareness in and persuasion may find the game
+ Streetwise (representing normal a basic contest. Darkness, back- less predictable and thus more in-
precautions). If the quarry suc- ground noise or other distractions, teresting. After all, the Prince may
ceeds, the shadower(s) are spotted. or being downwind may add a die have her own reasons for agreeing
If the shadower is discovered, but to the sneaker’s roll; security de- with the player characters or for
doesn’t know it, use Wits + Stealth vices, scanners, or superior vantage concealing her distaste for them.
or Streetwise vs. Wits + Awareness points may add dice to that of the
to shake the surveillance. If eve- watcher. STANDARD SOCIAL FEAT
ryone knows, the feat is no longer Like shadowing, vampires using MODIFIERS
shadowing; it’s now a pursuit! Obfuscate may not have to make

Award bonus dice to the shad- tests to sneak. ATTITUDE DIFFICULTY
ower in busy areas vs. an unaware MODIFIER

y

target, but to the quarry instead SWIMMING LoyaliDevoted =l
if it knows and is trying to shake Characters with one dot or more in Friendly/WWeak +0
the tail off. Award one additional Athletics can swim. Vampires can’t Indifferent +!
die in busy areas or two additional drown, but fresh corpses aren't
dice in crowded areas or areas with very buoyant, which balances out. Suspicious +2
many potential exits and blind To determine whether a char-
spots (eg., wooded parks, train sta- acter makes a long swim without Aggressive! +3
tions, department stores). being pulled off course by the cur- Uinintsinely

Unless potential helpers are rent or drowning (or sinking, for Hostile/Violent +5
masters of disguise (or can some- vampires), roll Stamina + Athlet-
how shapeshift to resemble the ics against a Difficulty set by the Loyal/Devoted: Targets may risk
target), only the shadower’s side weather conditions. their careers, and possibly their
benefits from teamwork. Vampires Vampires caught in shallow lives, for you. They 

--- CHUNK 72 ---
will give any
using Obfuscate may not need to water during the day take damage information they think will help
test at all to shadow mortals. from sunlight as though they are you, whether requested or not,

under cloud cover. and may perform services such as

SLEIGHT OF HAND watching prisoners, medical care,
Picking pockets, making a brush breaking down doors, or distract-
pass with a contact, or just plain Social Feats ing the cops. They will follow your
shoplifting are sleight of hand feats These systems cover tasks involving lead and agree to your plans with
just like card tricks or palming an the three Social Attributes Cha- few questions asked, even when it
item. They use Dexterity + Larceny risma, Manipulation, and Compo- seems risky.
vs. any watcher’s Wits + the greater sure. In general, SPCs react to the
of Larceny or Awareness. characters based on their actions. Friendly/Weak: Targets will not

Fortunately, diversions and Some players don’t like having readily harm you, and they may
distractions, as well as crowds or the dice dictate their character’s try to prevent others from doing
darkness, can give the light-fin- response to an SPC, and they so. They will answer any questions
gered character bonus dice. often insist on at least playing a you ask, if they seem reasonable or

full social combat scene (p. 304) safe. They will recommend reliable
SNEAKING rather than rolling a basic contest. service providers, speak up on
A sneaking (or hiding) charac- However, players and Storytellers your behalf, or give the occasional
ter pits their Dexterity + Stealth who open themselves up to the helpful tip. They are willing to be
against a watching (or searching) dramatic possibilities of influence convinced of your plans, and they
413
RULEBOOK
will sign on if the benefits are clear. sible to sabotage your plans, even if | Charisma + Performance: the more
Indifferent: Targets will not go out they cannot immediately torpedo successes, the greater the qual-
of their way to harm you without them. ity. Just as with artistic creation,
clear orders or benefit. They may You can also modify the Diffi- always indicate the purpose behind
answer some questions, if polite- culty of a Social test depending on the roll. On a total failure, the
ness or profit beckon. They will not the power differential between the performance was a total disaster —
bestir themselves to help you with- parties, incentives offered, and the and the performer may have new
out clear reason. Your plans strike type and manner of the request. enemies among the Toreador they
them as risky and foolish, but they didn’t have when they woke up this
are unlikely to actively prevent you CIRCUMSTANCE DIFFICULTY evening.
> . ~ ° MODIFIER
from trying them as long as they a
can stay safely out of it. Target is of higher | pliner CAROUSING
- rank or power . . ta.
SEEPS With a simple test of Charisma
. or ‘Target is of lower -| or lower : :
Suspicious: Targets suspect your + Insight, you influence others
: - rank or power -
intentions might be unwholesome, (sa... zn 4 (particularly potential vessels) to
‘lleeal | oT q I Character offers -2 | d ha f . .
illegal, or otherwise dangerous, but valuable trade or relax and have fun. Carousing en-
they have no reason to harm you favor payable in compasses showing a potential ally
— yet. They respond with minimal advance a good time, loosening an inform-
courtesy or professionalism. They Character offers -| per level ant’s tongue, and making instant
are unlikely to listen to your plans, boon of boon drinking buddies who come to
unless shown immediate reasons or Target's Conviction, -| or -2 your aid when a braw! starts.
benefits in doing so. or personal or po- Vampires who can't drink (most
litical agenda, agrees > ; ge
of them) may lose one or two dice
. . a . with request . oe
Aggressive/Unfriendly: Targets will Requestkeasile bo from this roll (or have to make a
a : equest is easy, safe, - . - -
harm you if they think they can get slei

--- CHUNK 73 ---
ght of hand test (p. 415) to fake
y : y < they 8 or profitable 8 ( 4 3) *
away with it, keep a wary eye on OT it), depending on how important
. : . Request is complex +2 . : .
you, and will egg others on to harm sharing a beer or the equivalent is
. : or risky
you. They will clam up in your J ——. to the subject.
. : - - . Request is unknown, +3 or more
presence, or they offer misleading
- . dangerous, or costly
answers to questions. They will Miers =O or CREDIBILITY
: ee . . ill or specialty -lor- : . .
vive bad advice, if they give advice Flashing a phony ID and brushin,
8 ° : Y§ well chosen for the Sak : y : S
at all. They will not help you, target (e.g. Subter- past the rope line, perpetrating a
and they will oppose your plans, fuge (Seduction) for scam or con, presenting false cre-
regardless of their merits, unless someone on the dentials to geta job, passing coun-
support is the only thing keeping cmakey terfeit artifacts, impersonating the
them alive. Skill or specialty +1 or +2 authorities — tests of credibility
poorly chosen for - . -
take many forms. The scammer
oe a a the target (e.g, : . ; .
Hostile/Violent: Targets will risk Intimidation for a uses Manipulation + Subterfuge;
their careers, and possibly their werewolf) the mark rolls Wits + Insight.
lives, to harm and possibly kill you. Storytellers and players inter-
They will actively prevent others ARTISTIC PERFORMANCE ested in running a long con can set
from giving you answers, help, or Vampires are egotistical monsters a suitably impressive Difficulty and
comfort of any kind. They may even when they weren’t performers play out an extended test.
even help your enemies, and they in life. When a character per- Superior fake documents and
will certainly do everything pos- forms live before an audience, roll other forgeries add dice (an addi-
414
“¥ | ¥ 23 oe
gr amel any, if 4 ae ae
gel il 9 iE a~
| i q ; ab P. ep
\ fy a3 oS Sila =
\ : iy 5 5} hee Sigs
a 4 / \ \ ‘] bi =
(4 ! oe UW :
\ i nip | =
Seo RS EER is * PSS ye Shee Tee | | S ae, bos ' o =
St Se eee eee = / eis ye cere RED ebgay, > B\ fe Te °
» Sells SSS 4 =f tS a aac ee os a =<
eee 7 é. - ] Pa. =i q .
: # 4 Be ae os: ty BE PBS8a = Y
Cf ii = { 7 : ~
° A i 7 LC |
od Le . ” . a fet \
& x a, ~~~ et j
i Ke oo os PS ae ee ~ fp \
; “hie eo ps a =
a : } = a
z ‘las ty alo ey
Laie a eg , am “th | =p Saree
: s Ay ae ‘ike | ty, jaa i aw an ar ae
tional one or two) to the scammer’s Interrogating someone peace- On a total failure by an inter-
pool; clever hacks might do the fully (Manipulation + Insight) rogator using torture, the subject
same thing if the scam requires involves asking strategic questions dies, enters torpor, or goes mad.
online backup. designed to reveal specific facts. ‘Two or more interrogators can
Use a basic contest between the use teamwork (p. 122); this partner-
FAST=TALK interrogator’s pool and the victim's ship works even if one interrogator
Less con artist and more snake-oil Wits + Composure. uses Insight while another uses
sales associate, the fast-talker tries Violent interrogation (Manipu- Intimidation (the classic “good
to get agreement from a target by lation + Intimidation) involves cop/bad cop” ploy).
deploying a barrage of half-truths torturing the victim's mind and/ The extent and relevance of
and engaging nonsense. Fast-tallc or body until they reveal what shared information are up to the
pools use Charisma + Subter- they know. The victim resists with Storyteller. Especially after torture,
fuge vs. the target’s Composure + Composure + Resolve. Regardless a subject often skews the details or
Insight. of the outcome of the contest or invents extra facts based on what
conflict round, torture damages they think the interrogator wants
INTERROGATION the subject: they take one point of to hear.
Anyone can ask questions, but Aggravated damage for each point In most chronicles, torture is
getting answers is a different thing. of their own Resolve. Physical often a fast-track to earning Stains.


--- CHUNK 74 ---
With interrogation, you ask ques- torture damages Health; mental
tions with leverage behind them. torture damages Willpower.
415
RULEBOOK

INTIMIDATION lower Strength takes the margin on depends on coaxing potential

Intimidation has two effects. The the intimidation contest as Super- prey into an intimate liaison. The

passive effect doesn’t involve a test; ficial damage to Health. particular situation and style ofa

it simply gives a character plenty seduction determine the pool used:

of space, whether on a bus or ina ORATION getting a prime dance at a formal

bar. The higher their Intimidation From a general's rousing speeches cotillion involves Composure +

rating, the wider the berth that toa politician's slick double-talk, Etiquette; picking someone up in

others give them. Active Intimida- the capacity to sway the masses a bar might start with Charisma

tion works through subtle coercion creates and destroys empires. + Insight; picking them up at the

or outright threat. When your character speaks to an gym might depend on Manipula-
Subtle coercion (Manipulation audience, from a small board meet- tion + Athletics; a coffee shop

+ Intimidation) uses a perceived ing toa large crowd, roll Charisma meet-cute could be Wits + Subter-

threat: losing one’s job, being + Performance. fuge. Whatever the situation, the

arrested, pain and agony a few If the character has time to Looks Merit (p. 179) almost always

minutes or days later. This action is prepare the oration beforehand, adds dice to the pool, as does Pres-

usually a quick contest against the they may roll Intelligence + Insight ence in some cases.

target's Composure + Resolve. The to tailor the speech to the crowd. Like any other test or contest

loser backs down. Success on this test reduces the in the game, the Storyteller can
Blatant threats (Strength + subsequent oration Difficulty by abstract a seduction into a simple

Intimidation) begin with words 1; a critical reduces it by 2. Failure test of Charisma + Subterfuge

and can escalate to minor physi- has no effect, while a rotal failure or turn it into an ongoing epic

cal damage (biting off fingers, increases the oration Difficulty by subplot throughout the chronicle.

that sort of thing). This action 1as the character inserts a gaffe If the seduction means more than

is a contest against the target’s into the speech. just a refueling stop for the charac-

Composure + Resolve or Strength + ter — gaining access to a Dyscrasia

Intimidation (whichever is higher). SEDUCTION or to an office building at night -

The loser backs down; regardless of Vampires are master seducers, then running it as conflict provides

who loses, the character with the for their very sustenance often plenty of dramatic possibility

f #
al
i \ ’ |
= fb —_ F| i
— . $. q ; : =
——
|
APPENDIX
AN . .
ppendix II: Projects
The word project comes from the glyph spray-painted on the wall of LAUNCH ROLL
Latin proicere, meaning “to throw their haven. If the Storyteller expects that
forward,” as in to throw the dice. Then, the player and Story- nurturing or protecting the project
And for the first half millennium teller need to come up with the might take on a major role in the
or so, the word implied a gamble mechanical representation of their chronicle going forward, or that
or mad scheme, not a sensible plan goal. This usually takes the form of the scene can provide dramatic
marked out with Gantt charts or one or more dots in a Background juice or relief, the troupe should
PERT graphs. Vampires tend to or other Trait. The harpy would play out a scene or even a chapter
remain conservative in their word become a Mawla, destroying the dedicated to stage one, laying the
usage, and the Camarilla’s insti- bank might add to their Resources groundwork of their plot.
tutional inertia and conservatism (by selling short) or just subtract At the end of that period, the
keep much of the old skepticism Resources from a hated rival, tak- player makes the Laun

--- CHUNK 75 ---
ch roll to
when they refer to younger vam- ing over the vice squad provides start the project. The Storyteller
pires’ projects. Given the number dots of Influence, and figuring out tells them which dice pool to use
of things that can go wrong when the glyph might provide dots on a for the Launch roll: for most
bloody-minded predators plan Loresheet or allow the purchase of projects, the launch roll is Skill +
them, the Camarilla has a point. a Blood Sorcery Ritual. Background. Courting the harpy
However, players often want Vampires often use projects to might be Subterfuge + Status, de-

their characters to accomplish change a vessel’s Resonance and stroying the bank requires Finance
goals and affect the outside world, intensify their temperament over + Resources, taking over the vice
but don’t want to focus every scene the long term. One dot changes squad uses Politics + Influence, fig-
of the game on a scheme to un- Resonance and increases it to uring out the glyph calls for Occult
dermine public housing policy (so Intense, while two dots changes a + Loresheet (or Blood Sorcery, or
many more tasty homeless to feed Resonance and adds a Dyscrasia. a magician Ally). As with mortals,
from) or bankrupt a chain of coffee The number of dots the project vampires need leverage to get lever-
shops run by a rival. For this sort adds if successful is called the age. Temporary dots from Boons,
of subplot or sub rosa activity, the project’s Scope. Memoriam, and other sources
Project system offers the Storytell- might also bolster the Launch roll.
er a way to ask the elders’ recurring PROJECT INCREMENT The launch roll is a simple
question: “Are you sure you want Finally, the player and Storyteller test against a Difficulty equal to
to do that?” and to monitor the decide on the increment for the the project’s Scope + 2. The player
action when the players inevitably project: days, weeks, fortnights, cannot spend Willpower or use a
answer “Of course! What could go months, years, sevenals, decades, Blood Surge on the launch roll. The
wrong?” mortal generations, centuries, etc. Storyteller may allow the player

One increment should roughly to use Disciplines on the launch

equal the project’s likely time span roll, especially if the player aims
Launching a Project divided by ten. Thus a project that the project at mortals rather than
To launch a project, the player (or culminates in a year has a roughly fellow Kindred.
players) must first describe their monthly increment. On a critical win, the player
goal in story terms: Win the heart A project less than ten days does not have to commit any of
of the chief harpy, destroy the long should just be an extended their current dots to the project.
credit of the biggest bank in the test (p. 293). On a regular win, the player
city, take over the vice squad, un- must commit a number of dots
cover the meaning of a mysterious equal to the project's Scope +1,

417
RULEBOOK
minus their margin on the launch but it’s easy to imagine gambling cies to track likely keeps a master
roll. Resources to get Influence, or some list on paper or in their phone, but
other combination. Storytellers nothing beats the visual and tactile
Kt pi should be wary of players offering sensation of clicking a die over to
“empty dots” that don’t come up the next face when the time comes
EXAMPLE in play or don’t lose effectiveness right.
Isevan wishes to build a drug at lower levels (like Mask, or some Because indeed, the Project
empire in Hamburg to get five Loresheets) as stakes. Die decrements by one after each
dots in Resources. He already has On a failure, the player can try increment, counting down from 10
Resources **, so his project Scope is again to start the project, witha togtos... and eventually, to.
three dots. Given that he only has launch roll Difficulty one higher. If the players (or characters)
Resources **, he asks the Storyteller The time isn’t right, someone become impatient, they can make a
if he can leverage his 

--- CHUNK 76 ---
Influence +++ talked who shouldn't, something Goal roll at any time. The Sto-
in the docks instead. The Story- went wrong. ryteller tells you your dice pool,
teller agrees and sets the Launch On a total failure, the character which may or may not be the same
die pool as Streetwise + Influence. has a new enemy, or an energized as your Launch roll dice pool. (You
Iscvan calls in a boon from the and motivated old enemy. The can use “staked” dots in the Goal
Primogen to bump him up from Storyteller may decide that these roll, since they’re already dedicated
seven (Streetwise 4 + Influence 3) to enemies destroy or estrange some to that goal.) However, the Goal
eight dice, against a Difficulty of 5 part of the character's Background, roll is a conflict roll, against a dice
(2 + Scope 3). He rolls well, getting costing them a dot or more. pool equal to the current value of
six successes. He can subtract one If the Storyteller agrees, players the Project Die: for example, if you
dot (his margin was 1 over the can cooperate on a Launch roll, try for success when the Project
Difficulty) from the stake, for a net either by using a Coterie Back- Die shows 6, you roll against a pool
stake of three dots. Rather than ground or by using regular Team- of six dice.
play without any Influence, Istvan work (p. 122). However, multiple Again, you cannot spend
stakes one dot of Resources and two players take multiple risks: the Willpower, Blood Surges, or (usu-
dots of his Influence on this plot. stakes and losses must come from ally) Disciplines on this roll. Also,
(The boon dot disappeared when he every player involved in the launch the plotter gets no criticals on the
spent it on the Launch roll.) He’ll roll, even if that means increas- Goal roll: each 10 only counts as
have some lean times and have to ing their cost. If four characters one regular success. Worse yet, the
live by his wits for awhile, but it helped, and the stake is three dots, opposition criticals do count —
all pays off at the end. all four vampires need to put up call it the house advantage for the
one dot. status quo.
ig bie ——_. If the player wins, they do
GOAL ROLL damage to the Project Die, dec-
The minimum commitment, or Assuming a win, the Storyteller rementing it by the number of
stake, on a regular win is one dot. sets a Project Die at 10. Rather extra successes they rolled. If the
Dots committed to a project stake than keep a loose die on the table Project Die decrements below 1,
cannot be used in play until the when it’s not being used, they can the project suddenly succeeds. The
project ends one way or another — also just write the Project Die Storyteller comes up with an in-
the player has those dots “tied up” number for a given scheme down game reason for this dramatic shift
in the project. As a rule of thumb, in their notes along with its Scope of events, which they may or may
the dots in the stake should be and intended mechanical effect. A not share with the player.
the same type as dots in the goal, Storyteller with multiple conspira- If the player loses, they take
418
APPENDIX
damage as losses to their Back- made with their plot so easily. Opposition Projects
ground dots, starting with the The Storyteller may still make Player characters are hardly the
stake. If the loss reduces their stake the player pay Experience for dots only Kindred with tangled knots
to o, the project suddenly collaps- gained through a Project — the Pro- of long-running schemes. They
es. (The exception: a player who ject system provides the in-game can detect, hamper, and even
rolled a critical on their Launch action component of an improve- hijack their opponents’ (or allies’)
roll can keep a project in play even ment only. Some Storytellers may projects nearly as easily as starting
after losing a Goal roll.) Again, the allow a price break on the goal’s their own.

Storyteller comes up with an in- Experience cost, depending on the The Storyteller needs to deter-
game reason for this fai

--- CHUNK 77 ---
lure, which degree of success, the quality of mine the current Project die value
they may or may not share with the players’ planning and roleplay- for the project, and at least a rough
the player. ing surrounding the project, and dot value for its Scope. When in
the general looseness of the game’s doubt, roll a die for the Project
ot bi —_ Experience economy. die value; roll again and divide the
result in half (rounded up) for its
EXAMPLE: Scope.
Istvan makes a Goal roll when the The Longue Durée
Project Die shows 5. He rolls his To properly profit from a project DETECTING AN
Streetwise + Influence (plus his one lasting decades or centuries, the OPPOSITION PROJECT
staked Resource dot, for a total characters need to have already Discovering that a plot exists at all
of eight dice) against the opposi- launched their plot decades or may require specific in-game ac-
tion pool of five dice. He rolls six centuries ago. tions from the characters. Deter-
successes, against four for the op- To have already launched a mining how far it has progressed
position. He decrements the Project Longue Durée project in the past, — getting the correct value of the
Die by his margin of 2, lowering it the characters need to play outa Project die - definitely requires
to 3. If the opposition had rolled a launch chapter in Memoriam investigation, or at least an inform-
critical, however, he would have (p. 31). ant.
lost four dots — his whole stake, This uses the same rules as On screen, an enemy Project
plus one more dot (likely from above, but the characters’ Goal die decrements at least once during
Influence) —and the project would dots from Memoriam become part the story, because an intensifying
have collapsed. (or all) of the Launch roll die pool, conspiracy makes for better drama.
and of the stake going forward. The Dramatic considerations also make
pe Project Die can only be decrement- it more likely that a noticeable
ed in the present by the number of project is dangerous or unfriendly
Like stakes, damage must be shared Goal dots achieved in Memoriam: to the player characters. Other-
among all the players who assisted if you want a Project Die at 4 in wise, why bring it on stage at all?
with a project’s Launch roll, or the present, you need to gain six
taken from the Coterie’s Back- Goal dots in Memoriam and spend AFFECTING AN
grounds. them all on the project. OPPOSITION PROJECT
Damage done by a lost Goal Player character coteries can affect
roll in the present comes off supporting characters’ Project die
Ending a Project present Backgrounds, not off the by dedicating a chapter (ora story,
‘The initiator of a project can al- Memoriam stake. for longer-term or larger-magni-
ways end it, although they may not tude projects) to advancing or de-
be able to call off any enemies they laying its plot. Dramatic law means
419


